Arya’s vision begins to blur until the screen goes black.
ARYA’s smile fades.
Arya’s room, packing things for her trip to King’s Landing, having her direwolf assist her. Jon comes in to say goodbye before he leaves for the Night's Watch.
ARYA: You're about to find out.
ARYA: You’re Westerosi.
ARYA: You’re very good.
ARYA: You’re not a northerner.
ARYA: You’re no one. You’re nothing.
ARYA: You’re gonna die?
ARYA: You were the first person on my list, you know. For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not. I’ve gotten a few of the others. The Many Faced God stole a few more for me. I’m glad he left me you. Do you know who I am?
ARYA: You should have let me burn it.
ARYA: You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.
ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.
ARYA: You really think my aunt will pay for me?
ARYA: You protected him for most of his life. You think you could have saved him?
ARYA: You know who I am. I’m Arya Stark.
ARYA: Yes.
ARYA: Yes, she was.
ARYA: Why do you care?
ARYA: Why didn’t you?
ARYA: Who?
ARYA: Who was the first?
ARYA: Who taught you how to fight?
ARYA: Who are you? Why were they scared of you?
ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. I see the Drowned God. I see the Weirwood Face.
ARYA: Which name would you like a girl to speak?
ARYA: Where’s the Imp?
ARYA: Where’s the Imp?
ARYA: Where’s home?
ARYA: Where did they go?
ARYA: Where are they taking him?
ARYA: When?
ARYA: When do I get to play the game?
ARYA: What’s happening?! What’s happening?!
ARYA: What?
ARYA: What?
ARYA: What will she do there?
ARYA: What do you want?
ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?
ARYA: Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. I’m the youngest daughter of a great lord. Eddard Stark. He died in battle.
ARYA: Well who are you? What are you doing here? How’d you get here?
ARYA: Well who are you then?
ARYA: Wait, I have something else.
ARYA: Valar morghulis.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
ARYA: Turn around and go. (pulls out Needle) Turn around and go.
ARYA: Tomorrow.
ARYA: Three times.
ARYA: Three coppers.
ARYA: Three brothers.
ARYA: The younger actress. She’s jealous because Lady Crane is better.
ARYA: The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today.
ARYA: The queen loves her son more than anything. And he was taken from her before she could say good-bye. She wouldn’t just cry. She would be angry. She would want to kill the person who did this to her.
ARYA: The Many Faced God. You said you didn’t know what I would see at the docks.
ARYA: The game. The game of faces.
ARYA: The Bloody Gate’s ten miles.
ARYA: That's your stupid pride talking. It's why you'll never be a great killer. I'd have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to.
ARYA: That’s not a lie!
ARYA: That’s Jaime Lannister. The queen’s twin brother.
ARYA: That fleabite's got you walking a lot slower than you used to.
ARYA: Thank you for bringing me.
ARYA: So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?
ARYA: So change it. It would all just be farting, belching, and slapping without you.
ARYA: She’s a good actress.
ARYA: She did and she did not.
ARYA: Seems like a decent woman.
ARYA: See you at sunrise.
ARYA: See what?
ARYA: Please. I crossed the Narrow Sea. I have nowhere else to go.
ARYA: People coming. You can shit later, there’s people coming!
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!
ARYA: Oysters, clams and cockles!
ARYA: Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles!
ARYA: Ow! Cunt!
ARYA: Nothing's worth anything to dead men.
ARYA: Nothing.
ARYA: No. Who wants her dead?
ARYA: No.
ARYA: No! No! No, you don’t die! Don’t die! (sobs)
ARYA: No! I’ve been here for weeks. I’m not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I’m doing it.
ARYA: No one.
ARYA: No one.
ARYA: No one.
ARYA: No one.
ARYA: No one.
ARYA: My name is Lana. I’m an orphan. When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more.
ARYA: My mother’s dead.
ARYA: Morning.
ARYA: Mine’s “Needle.”
ARYA: Mine never wanted to. Said fighting was for boys.
ARYA: Mercy.
ARYA: Lots of things make me happy.
ARYA: Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade.
ARYA: Killing Polliver, killing Rorge.
ARYA: Jaqen H’ghar gave me this.
ARYA: I've never even met her.
ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
ARYA: It’s not silver, it’s iron.
ARYA: I'm not afraid.
ARYA: I'm not a lady.
ARYA: If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall…
ARYA: I’ve devoted my life to him now. You don’t want to hurt anymore. Drink.
ARYA: I’m not playing this stupid game anymore!
ARYA: I’ll last longer than you.
ARYA: I wouldn’t need a cabin. Please, I could work, scrubbing the floors, or…
ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).
ARYA: I want to see the captain.
ARYA: I want to go north, to the wall.
ARYA: I want to book passage home.
ARYA: I want a cabin. And we’ll leave at dawn.
ARYA: I told you, I'm no - (Gets hit again). Do that again and -
ARYA: I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother. I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me. A man called Polliver.
ARYA: I know. Don’t be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me. More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the many faced god. And I drank the water from this fountain. It healed me.
ARYA: I have to go. My father’s waiting for me.
ARYA: I hated him.
ARYA: I hated him!
ARYA: I don’t need saving.
ARYA: I don’t care what you swore!
ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: I didn’t even know I was playing.
ARYA: I can’t see!
ARYA: I can’t hear you.
ARYA: I can pay.
ARYA: How will she serve him?
ARYA: He's just a statue.
ARYA: Her father was Eddard Stark. Her mother was Catelyn Stark. She had one sister, Sansa, and four brothers.
ARYA: Hello. Valar Morghulis.
ARYA: He was not on her list anymore. She’d taken him off it.
ARYA: He was my friend.
ARYA: Does it have a name?
ARYA: Do you know who you are?
ARYA: Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
ARYA: Careful of that one. She wants you dead.
ARYA: But you know how to use that sword.
ARYA: But wait!
ARYA: But if you’re… (looks to the Jaqen who drank the potion and is seemingly dead) Who’s this?
ARYA: Best in the city.
ARYA: At least I could have been there to watch. I wanted to see the look in his eyes when he knew it was over.
ARYA: Arya.
ARYA: Arya.
ARYA: Arya Stark.
ARYA: Arya Stark left him to die. He was on her list.
ARYA: Are you a knight?
ARYA: And then what?
ARYA: After he was executed I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back.
ARYA: About ten more miles.
ARYA: A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him but I wouldn’t. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer, I hated him.
ARYA: A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
ARYA: A girl has no desires.
ARYA: A girl has decided.
ARYA: ...The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.
ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.
Arya, Sansa and their Septa are all around a table eating. Arya is stabbing a knife into the table between her fingers.
Arya, at King’s Landing is running through the halls chasing a cat. She’s seen running down a hallway.
ARYA walks up beside the men and addressing the one who was speaking.
Arya walks towards the man who is now collapsed on the ground.
ARYA walks to the well. JAQEN gives ARYA a bowl of water. ARYA hesitates to drink it.
Arya walks through the door with a tray of oysters. The brothel keeper stops her.
ARYA walks past them and puts down the cloak. She moves to leave. LADY CRANE enters and sees her.
ARYA walks past the man and grabs the coin purses off the table on the way.
ARYA walks onto a bridge and stops to stare out at the Titan. An old woman approaches her.
ARYA walks off the steps to get out of the way of the prop men.
Arya walks into the room holding the face of the girl she wore to the brothel. She returns it to where she took it from.
ARYA walks into the actor’s break room.
Arya wakes up and turns to him.
Arya turns to see a man looking identical to Jaqen standing behind her.
ARYA turns to face the old woman. The old woman draws a blade and slashes ARYA across the stomach. She grabs ARYA by the neck and holds her tight to her body, the stabs ARYA severl times in the stomach and twists the blade. With her free hand, she reaches up and pulls off her face, revealing she is the WAIF in disguise. ARYA headbutss the WAIF, pushes her, and then runs and jumps off the opposite side of the bridge, plummeting into the water. The WAIF rushes to the side of the bridge ARYA jumped off and stares into the water. Bubbles and blood rise to the surface. The WAIF straightens her shirt and walks away.
ARYA turns around and walks to her beggar basket.
ARYA tosses a bag of coins on the table in front of the man. The man opens it and pulls out some coins.
ARYA throws another bag of coins on the table.
Arya then steps in and fights with Joffrey, disarming him and putting him on his back. Her direwolf sees this as a thread and runs in to defend.
ARYA takes the bottle.
Arya takes several attempts as Syrio turns his back, defending her and disarming her constantly. She begins picking up on a few things, but still needs much work. Ned enters in the doorway and his smile turns to a grimace watching his daughter swordfight.
Arya takes a right with the cart.
ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF, but misses. The WAIF hits ARYA in the side.
ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF again, but misses again. The WAIF hits ARYAoin the other side. ARYA rushes towards the WAIF and trips on some steps, falling to the ground. She grabs her staff and stands back up. The WAIF hits ARYA three more times, knocking her to the ground on the third. ARYA stands up and swings at the WAIF again, and misses for a third time. The WAIF hits ARYA in the face, knocking her to the ground again. ARYA is panting heavily. She returns to her feet, screams, and swings her staff around her many times. The WAIF has disappeared. The Faceless Man, taking on the visage of JAQEN H’GHAR, catches ARYA’s staff mid-swing.
ARYA stumbles through the crowd, clutching her bleeding stomach and shivering. She looks from face to face. Everyone stares at her blankly.
Arya studies the group, focuses in on Meryn, and begins following them with her cart.
ARYA stops on the steps and looks at LADY CRANE.
Arya stops her cart, inspects the vile Jaqen gave to her, and tucks it back in her pouch. She starts pushing the cart again and makes eye contact with the Thin Man.
Arya stops and turns around to face them.
Arya Stark:He wants to be a knight of the King’s Guard. He can't be one now, can he?
Arya Stark: You've got to go. They'll kill you for what you did to Joffrey. Go on... run. Go! Leave now!
Arya Stark: You're a liar. And if you told the truth, Mycah would be alive.
Arya Stark: You wouldn't let anyone kill him, would you?
Arya Stark: You said right, but you went left.
Arya Stark: You can’t. I’ve got my lessons with Syrio. I’m finally getting good.
Arya Stark: Yes -
Arya Stark: Winter is coming.
Arya Stark: Why do they call you Littlefinger?
Arya Stark: Who are you?
Arya Stark: What if I drop it?
Arya Stark: What do you want?
Arya Stark: What are you doing here? Go away.
Arya Stark: Watch. Nymeria, gloves.
Arya Stark: They said they were going to kill you.
Arya Stark: They killed Jory. My father is hurt. I don’t care about stupid wooden swords.
Arya Stark: The Prince.
Arya Stark: The lion’s not his sigil, idiot. He’s a stag, like his father.
Arya Stark: The Hound does whatever the Prince tells him to do.
Arya Stark: That's not what happened!
Arya Stark: That's not true! She just... Bit him a little. He was hurting Mycah.
Arya Stark: Thank you, Nymeria. Septa Mordane says I have to do it again. "My things weren't properly folded", she says. Who cares how they're folded?! They're going to get all messed up anyway.
Arya Stark: Syrio says every hurt is a lesson and every lesson makes you better. Tomorrow I'm going to be chasing cats.
Arya Stark: Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours.
Arya Stark: Stop it!
Arya Stark: Stick 'em with the pointy end.
Arya Stark: Stay away!
Arya Stark: So was I! He is a liar.
Arya Stark: Shut up. Nymeria, gloves!
Arya Stark: Seven hells.
Arya Stark: Sansa can keep her sewing needles. I've got a needle of my own.
Arya Stark: Only 'cause you lied.
Arya Stark: Nymeria!
Arya Stark: Now that Bran's awake will he come live with us?
Arya Stark: Not today. Not today.
Arya Stark: Not today.
Arya Stark: No. That's not me.
Arya Stark: No.
Arya Stark: Needle.
Arya Stark: My father wouldn't send you.
Arya Stark: My father is Hand of the King! I'm not a boy. I'm Arya Stark of Winterfell and if you lay a hand on me, my father will have both your heads on spikes! Now are you going to let me by or do I need to smack you on the ear to help with your hearing?
Arya Stark: Mine.
Arya Stark: Liar! Liar liar liar!
Arya Stark: Liar!
Arya Stark: Liar liar liar!
Arya Stark: Leave me be. My father's a lord. He'll reward you.
Arya Stark: Lady wasn't there! You leave her alone!
Arya Stark: It's too heavy.
Arya Stark: It's so skinny.
Arya Stark: It's called Needle.
Arya Stark: In the dungeons, near the dragon skulls.
Arya Stark: I'm sorry.
Arya Stark: I'm practicing.
Arya Stark: I'm not lying! They said you found the bastard and the wolves are fighting the lions and the savage... something about the savage.
Arya Stark: I'm not a beggar. I live here.
Arya Stark: I'm a girl.
Arya Stark: I'm a girl!
Arya Stark: I wasn't playing. And I don't want to be a lady.
Arya Stark: I was trying to learn. I asked Mycah to practice with me. I asked him. It was my fault.
Arya Stark: I was so. I watched, but you...
Arya Stark: I want to see my father.
Arya Stark: I think so.
Arya Stark: I know which end to use.
Arya Stark: I hate them! I hate all of them. The Hound, the Queen and the King and Joffrey and Sansa.
Arya Stark: I don't hate her. Not really.
Arya Stark: I don’t want to practice today.
Arya Stark: I don’t like dolls and k -
Arya Stark: I didn't see them, but I think one was fat.
Arya Stark: I can keep it?
Arya Stark: I can be quick.
Arya Stark: How many guards does my father have?
Arya Stark: He's my friend.
Arya Stark: He's a liar and a coward and he killed my friend.
Arya Stark: He says every swordsman should study cats. They're quiet as shadows and as light as feathers. You have to be quick to catch them.
Arya Stark: Go!
Arya Stark: Go away!
Arya Stark: Come with me. Run.
Arya Stark: Come on. I'm not gonna hurt you.
Arya Stark: Come on! (dragging Sansa)
Arya Stark: Chasing a cat.
Arya Stark: Can’t we take Syrio back with us?
Arya Stark: Can I be Lord of a holdfast?
Arya Stark: But how you can let her marry someone like that?
Arya Stark: Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you’re sending us home?
Arya Stark: And I don't have to go with you if I don't want.
Arya Stark: A present?
Arya Stark: A needle.
Arya Stark runs off and hears a bunch of screams from down the hallway. She looks concerned.
Arya stares off into the distance.
ARYA stands up and holds her staff out at the WAIF. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
ARYA sniffs one of the bowls of powder, then recoils. She sniffs another bowl and wafts the scent with her hand. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
ARYA smiles.
ARYA smiles.
ARYA smiles and laughs in the crowd.
ARYA sets down a lit candle and brandishes Needle. She places Needle on the ground, sits down beside it, and blows out the candle.
Arya scans through the faces then fixates on one face in particular - that of an old lady.
ARYA retrieves a vial of from her satchel. She uncorks LADY CRANE’s bottle of rum.
Arya repeats the four names until the break of dawn as rain pours outside.
Arya reaches for her sword. Before she can pick it up, Jaqen appears.
Arya reaches and pulls off the Jaqen face, revealing the face of an old man.
Arya pushes her oyster cart through the street.
Arya pushes an oyster cart through a crowded market.
ARYA pulls the stones away from where she hid Needle. She pulls Needle from inside the rocks and stares at it.
Arya pulls off the young man’s face to reveal a different old man.
Arya pulls off the old man face to reveal a younger man’s face.
Arya pulls off the final face and sees her own face staring back at her.
Arya pulls off multiple faces, revealing the face of multiple different men.
ARYA pours the contents of the vial into LADY CRANE’s rum bottle and corks it.
ARYA notices BIANCA standing offstage. BIANCA is watching LADY CRANE’s performance and mouths her lines as she utters them.
Arya makes a move for Syrio, who quickly counters and puts her on her back.
Arya looks up and sees the room is filled with columns containing the faces of the dead. She walks through the room, examining the faces.
Arya looks to the dock, and sees Meryn Trant and Mace Tyrell being helped off the boat. A Iron Banker approaches him and Arya starts walking away from the Thin Man and towards them.
Arya looks to see a man praying on the floor.
Arya looks the man in the eyes then walks over to the girl.
ARYA lifts a spoon of the powder to the jar behind it. The Faceless Man, taking on the form of JAQEN H'GHAR, looks on. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
Arya leaves the room, but takes one last glance at where Meryn is taking the girl.
ARYA leaves the front row and moves through the crowd.
Arya lays on her bed, playing with her coin in her hand. Suddenly, the door opens, and she sits up. The waif enters with a cane, and begins pacing.
ARYA laughs along with the crowd. The prop man strikes IZEMBARO with the boar prop again, this time in front. The actor recoils and the prop men replace the forest background with a black background.
Arya knocks on the door, twice; the door opens while knocking the second time. An old man enters
Arya is waiting on the steps of the building opposite the bank, eating her oysters. The men start walking out of the Bank.
Arya is unsure.
Arya is unsheathing Needle privately in her room as Ned knocks on the door.
ARYA is sitting on the ground against the wall of a street. The WAIF appears, staff in hand.
ARYA is sitting in front of a fireplace. JAQEN is standing in front of the well in the center of the room.
Arya is scrubbing the floor. A man carries a young girl in and sets her by the pool. He walks over to Arya and she stops scrubbing.
Arya is asleep.
Arya is again sweeping the floor in the main room. She notices the men from the beginning of the episode carrying another dead body into the back room. However, after a moment, she realizes that she didn’t hear the door close, and she looks up to find it wide open. Jaqen surprises her by suddenly putting his hand on her shoulder. He nods towards the door, and begins walking over to it. Arya follows him, leaving the broom outside. They go down a fire-lit tunnel. Jaqen opens the door at the end of the tunnel to reveal a chamber. Inside, the waif stands motionless next to a large stone slab. On it is the dead man. Jaqen leaves through the back door. After Jaqen closes the door, the waif begins to remove the dead man’s clothes. She looks up at Arya, who walks over and begins to do so as well. The waif inspects his body. She wets a rag and begins cleaning off the man.
Arya hidden from everyone telling her direwolf to leave.
ARYA grabs her staff and rushes to her feet. The WAIF smacks ARYA in the face, drawing blood. ARYA approaches the sound of the WAIF’s voice, but the WAIF has already moved to the side.
Arya gets up and throws the coin into the sea
ARYA follows JAQEN.
Arya fixes the dead girl’s hair. Jaqen walks in from the door Arya was trying to open earlier and leads her in. Arya follows him down a staircase lit by fire.
Arya fills a cup with the water.
ARYA exits. The WAIF is revealed to have been watching.
ARYA exits. LADY CRANE enter the break room. BIANCA takes off her wig and notices LADY CRANE.
Arya exits a tunnel outside of King’s Landing, at the beach of Blackwater Bay. She heads to the city’s gate but is stopped by two guards.
Arya enters the room and peers through a divider to see a prostitute posing for Meryn.
ARYA enters and walks further inward. On her way through the entrance hall, she sees the prop head the performers use for NED’s execution scene.
ARYA drinks the water. She closes her eyes. She slowly opens them to reveal the blindness has left them. She looks to JAQEN.
ARYA draws the curtain and stares at LADY CRANE’s bottle of rum.
Arya doesn't respond.
ARYA deflects several of the WAIF's blows, but is pushed to the edge of the platform and falls when the WAIF smacks her across the face with her staff.
Arya creeps up on a pigeon in an alleyway and cuts its head off with Needle. She walks down the street with the pigeon in a pouch and Needle dangling from her hip. Three men walk by, see Needle, and approach her.
Arya cracks an oyster and hands him one he slurps it.
ARYA bursts through the surface of the water, gasping. She pulls herself up onto some steps , turns onto her back, and clutches her bleeding stomach.
Arya begins cutting an oyster open.
Arya arrives to her “dance lesson” in King’s Landing.
ARYA and the WAIF are dueling with staves atop the sparring platform. They both strike many blows, all of them deflected by the other. The WAIF feigns and trips ARYA with a blow to the back of the legs. ARYA falls to the ground. The WAIF points her staff in ARYA’s face.
Arya and the man are in a row boat. The man rows them to shore as they pass various street merchants. The man rows past them and The House of Black and White comes into view.
ARYA (V.O.): They may be dead for all a girl knows.
ARYA (V.O.): Rob, Bran, Rickon. And a half-brother, Jon.
ARYA (V.O.): Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart. Now every morning I make my way down to the canals. I pass the fish mongers and the bakers. I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home. Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane--
ARYA (V.O.): Cersei Lannister, Gregor Clegane, Walder Frey.
ARYA (V.O.): Also dead.
ARYA (pushing BRAN): Move!
Arya
ARYA: You're wrong. I know a killer. A real killer.
ARYA: You're so dangerous, aren't you? Saying scary things to little girls. Killing little boys and old people. A real hard man you are.
ARYA: You're a liar.
ARYA: You'd be like a kitten to him. He'd kill you with his little finger.
ARYA: You should have asked nicely.
ARYA: Who's your mom?
ARYA: Who asked questions?
ARYA: When Berics sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl.
ARYA: What do the gold cloaks want with you?
ARYA: What did they ask about?
ARYA: What are gold cloaks doing this far from King's Landing?
ARYA: They're looking for me.
ARYA: They don't scare me.
ARYA: Then I wouldn't get to insult anyone. (Follows him).
ARYA: Stupider. Night's Watch doesn't take girls, everyone knows that.
ARYA: Someday Im gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull.
ARYA: So?
ARYA: No. I mean yes. My mother was a lady, and my sister -
ARYA: No.
ARYA: No ones going to believe youre a hog farmer if you eat them all.
ARYA: No good's ever come? Who asked questions before?
ARYA: My name's not Arry. It's Arya. Of House Stark. Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.
ARYA: Might do.
ARYA: Lord Stark.
ARYA: Liar.
ARYA: If you got within a mile of a battle, you'd fill your pants.
ARYA: Im not afraid.
ARYA: I'm not a girl!
ARYA: I know theyre still there.
ARYA: I knew fear when I saw it in you. Youre afraid of fire.
ARYA: I don't need to take a piss& Lommy and Hot Pie cant know. No one can know.
ARYA: I am not!
ARYA: He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar.
ARYA: Don't! Don't kill him.
ARYA: Don't kill him! Please. Please don't.
ARYA: Do not call me milady.
ARYA: And who was your father?
ARYA: And I know why, too. I heard what your brother did to you. Pressed your face to the fire like youre a nice juicy mutton chop.
ARYA: (Walks toward the cave). I have friends.
ARYA: (Stops walking). What do you want?
ARYA: (Gendry walks over to get more water). Gendry's an armorer's apprentice. Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle.
