Tyrion’s eyes widen. Jorah picks him up and leaves.JAIME: Is that Estermont?
TYRION: You've got no drink.
TYRION: You're right. No point. (realizing) The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen. What's in Volantis?
TYRION: You're right. Let's go for a walk.
TYRION: You're going the wrong way. My sister's in Westeros. Westeros is west! We're heading east.
TYRION: Your uncle’s in the Night’s Watch.
TYRION: Your queenly prerogative. I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting.
TYRION: You’re right. Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once. War is a horror that should be ended at once. I can’t do both today.
TYRION: You’re not hungry?
TYRION: You’re going to have to find another soldier. I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
TYRION: You’re an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met.
TYRION: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born. I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.
TYRION: You two, you spend a great deal of time together. What would you be talking about if I weren’t here?
TYRION: You think them.
TYRION: You see? You don’t even have to worry about the local rebellion. We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it.
TYRION: You said you were taking me to the Queen.
TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.
TYRION: You may be right.
TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -
TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.
TYRION: You don’t play games, either one of you, ever?
TYRION: You don’t need slaves to make money. There haven’t been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you. But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it. So here is the queen’s proposal. Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slaver’s Bay time to adjust to the new order.
TYRION: You didn’t know. I’m sorry. I am.
TYRION: You could have said no.
TYRION: You could at least wear a helmet. You shouldn't drink before a fight.
TYRION: You can!
TYRION: You can end this.
TYRION: You betrayed her!
TYRION: Yes. He was the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself.
TYRION: Yes.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach. And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach.
TYRION: Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.
TYRION: Yes, other interests. But I stayed with Orson.
TYRION: Yes, oddly. He might be the only person in the world that I trust. Besides my brother.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: Wine always helps. I thank you for it. Trial by combat. Deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the gods. How much longer?
TYRION: Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?
TYRION: Why is it anchored?
TYRION: Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert’s Rebellion.
TYRION: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I can’t remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you.
TYRION: Who’s helping you?
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”?
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
TYRION: When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.
TYRION: When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day. I begged him for one of you. “It wouldn’t even have to be a big dragon,” I told him. “It could be little, like me.”
TYRION: When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? (finishes his cup of wine) Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?
TYRION: What’re you doing?
TYRION: What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?
TYRION: What is it you want exactly?
TYRION: What are you doing?
TYRION: What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid.
TYRION: We've already got a ruler. Everywhere has already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it.
TYRION: We're going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me. Who doesn't want to meet the Saviour?
TYRION: Well, she didn’t execute me, so that’s a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her, and I’m stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?
TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
TYRION: We’re a team. I’m a great fighter, too.
TYRION: We’d be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.
TYRION: We? Alright, let’s assume your dreams come true. She’s ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne. Hurrah, long live the Queen. Then what?
TYRION: We offered terms.
TYRION: We are travelling together. In each other’s company. Therefore…
TYRION: Wait, wait, wait, wait! You can’t just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?
TYRION: Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, let’s discuss this!
TYRION: Wait! You have to buy me as well.
TYRION: Varys?
TYRION: Until you do.
TYRION: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.
TYRION: Those men respect you.
TYRION: They will. It’s time they had their supper.
TYRION: They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast. Their contempt is their weakness. They’ll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage.
TYRION: There's a bug.
TYRION: There’s the pretty one. And there’s the clever one.
TYRION: There’s always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.
TYRION: There, that’s a start.
TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing. That is the way of the world. I’m not here to change the way of the world.
TYRION: The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --
TYRION: The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?
TYRION: The smaller man it is.
TYRION: The only red priest we had in King's Landing was Thoros of Myr. This one's much better looking.
TYRION: The Kingslayer!
TYRION: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.
TYRION: The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.
TYRION: The greatest in the land. My spear never misses.
TYRION: The gods gave me one blessing.
TYRION: The future is shit. Just like the past.
TYRION: The fighting puts in Mereen! You’re in luck then, you’re about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms.
TYRION: The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles. Then Daenerys’s ancestors started chaining them up in pens. A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats. They must be unchained or they’ll waste away. Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?
TYRION: That's putting it mildly. What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
TYRION: That’s what I do. I drink and I know things.
TYRION: That’s the one.
TYRION: That’s good. That’s very good.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met a queen.
TYRION: That’s about the extent of my Valyrian.
TYRION: That sounds most excellent --
TYRION: Thank you. (After a long pause). Who are you?
TYRION: Thank you my Lord. Thank you.
TYRION: Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
TYRION: Thank the gods.
TYRION: Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?
TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere.
TYRION: Sure, he’s a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him!
TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).
TYRION: Stay close!
TYRION: Soon. You have my word.
TYRION: Some day if you decide not to execute me, I’ll tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, we’ll need more wine than this.
TYRION: So, those villages we were supposed to find. We can’t live on berries and roots.
TYRION: So if I’m not going to be murdered, and I’m not going to be banished...
TYRION: So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers.
TYRION: So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That’s justice?
TYRION: Slaves.
TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices. In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy.
TYRION: Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.
TYRION: Should I explain to you the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?
TYRION: She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.
TYRION: She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me. Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere.
TYRION: She has odd cravings, our sister.
TYRION: She did indeed.
TYRION: Shae.
TYRION: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers. Filicide is sons. Nepoticide. That's the one. Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.
TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.
TYRION: Say that word again.
TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay in Meereen forever. Her path takes her westward.
TYRION: Possibly.
TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret.
TYRION: Pentos?
TYRION: Pardon me?
TYRION: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.
TYRION: Oh, you took your time.
TYRION: Oh, he's going to die. I'm going to die.
TYRION: Oh, get on with it you son of a whore.
TYRION: Oh no, no, no. Not that, of course not that. Innocent games, fun games, drinking games.
TYRION: Nothing made him happier.
TYRION: Not precisely, but I have other skills that’d be very useful--
TYRION: Not for a coward.
TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing.
TYRION: No? Banish me?
TYRION: No.
TYRION: No.
TYRION: No need to worry, I was just - (Turns to see it’s not Varys, but Jorah). Oh, I thought you were someone else. Shows almost over. I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige.
TYRION: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face.
TYRION: Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis.
TYRION: My Lord, if I may. I’ve heard Mereen’s become a free city. You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits. Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage…
TYRION: My greatest accomplishment. You – you’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t you?
TYRION: My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen.
TYRION: My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? I’d say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.
TYRION: My father would have liked you.
TYRION: Much better.
TYRION: Mmh. It is true what they say about the Northern girls.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Middling.
TYRION: Meaning no offense. He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes.
TYRION: Me. Just now. All right, no conversations. Let’s play a game.
TYRION: Managed to kill a lot of people.
TYRION: Looks like very light armor.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.
TYRION: Long enough to know.
TYRION: Let’s make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want.
TYRION: Let’s be generous and assume that’s going to happen. Here in Slaver’s Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining Lannisters won’t back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won’t back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, but not enough.
TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it. And as a parting gift to our honored guests…
TYRION: Killing and politics aren’t always the same thing. When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name.
TYRION: Jaime, thank you. For my life.
TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: It’s not impossible that Varys was right about you after all.
TYRION: It’s not enough.
TYRION: It’s not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
TYRION: It’s easy to confuse what is with what ought to be. Especially when what is has worked in your favor.
TYRION: It’s a conversation.
TYRION: It’s a beautiful dream. Stopping the wheel. You’re not the first person to have dreamt it.
TYRION: It doesn’t matter?
TYRION: It could get you killed. It could get me killed.
TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met. It’s too soon to know if you deserve my service.
TYRION: Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice.
TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?
TYRION: I'm not.
TYRION: I'm losing my mind.
TYRION: If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?
TYRION: If only I were otherwise.
TYRION: If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.
TYRION: If I lost my cock, I’d drink all the time.
TYRION: If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it will be a miracle.
TYRION: Ideally we’d avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
TYRION: I’ve heard stories.
TYRION: I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
TYRION: I’m sorry, I’ve begun the feast a bit early. And this is the first of many courses.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for work.
TYRION: I’m not entirely joking. There’s more to the world than Westeros after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong. Where you can do the most good.
TYRION: I’d settle for obeyed.
TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him. "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer. "Smash the beetles. Smash 'em. Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!" I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Volarik's library.
TYRION: I want to take a walk.
TYRION: I suppose this is goodbye, then.
TYRION: I suppose there’s no point in asking how you found me.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
TYRION: I sailed from King’s Landing to Pentos in a crate. Without ever saying a word.
TYRION: I only know what I heard
TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.
TYRION: I murdered her. With my own hands.
TYRION: I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people in his command. How did they put it in the Watch? “We shall never see his like again.”
TYRION: I loved her.
TYRION: I know.
TYRION: I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.
TYRION: I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn’t commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved.
TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled.
TYRION: I hear he hates that nickname.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: I have fought. I don’t claim to be a great warrior.
TYRION: I find us repulsive.
TYRION: I don’t trust the Masters. I trust their self-interest. They’re trustworthy if they’re convinced that working with me is in their self-interest.
TYRION: I don’t think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.
TYRION: I didn't rule. I was a servant.
TYRION: I did. As a clever man once told me, “We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.”
TYRION: I did.
TYRION: I did miss you.
TYRION: I did hear something about that.
TYRION: I can't sleep without wine.
TYRION: I can’t go back there. She’s in there.
TYRION: I can see why you would think so. It’s what your father would have done.
TYRION: I believe in many things.
TYRION: I am your son. I have always been your son.
TYRION: I am your son, and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn’t poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?
TYRION: I am the gift. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.
TYRION: I am not betraying her work. I am trying to save her city.
TYRION: How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
TYRION: Hello?
TYRION: He’s right. The dragon headed north. If we’re going to find her, that’s where we’re to go.
TYRION: He worships you. He is in love with you, I think. But he did not trust you with the truth - an unpleasant truth, to be sure - but one of great significance to you. He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him.
TYRION: He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself.
TYRION: He was leading an expedition beyond the wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men.
TYRION: He just pushed me aside with a "khuu" and kept on smashing. Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. *puts the beetle back on the ground* So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?
TYRION: He did what he had to do to survive. He did a lot of other things that he didn’t have to do. I suspect he’s the main reason you weren’t slaughtered in your crib.
TYRION: Have you?
TYRION: Have you decided yet whether you’re going to have me killed?
TYRION: Guess again.
TYRION: Good luck finding him.
TYRION: Gold and glory. Oh, and hate. If you've ever met my sister, you'd understand. So now that it's clear we're on the same side? (Holds out his hands expectantly. Jorah makes no move to respond). A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos. Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate. You're Jorah Mormont. I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, weren't you? It's all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but it's all coming back. You passed notes to Varys's little birds. She found out, didn't she? Found out, and exiled you. (Jorah looks downtrodden). And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift. A risky scheme. One might even say, desperate. Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? I'd say the reverse is just as likely.
TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start.
TYRION: Give freedom a chance. See if it doesn’t taste every bit as good as what came before.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please.
TYRION: For you. You drifted away.
TYRION: For a short time.
TYRION: Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us. Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same. I do hope you accept, my friends. You will not receive a better offer.
TYRION: Excellent.
TYRION: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night.
TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent. More intelligent than men according to some maesters. They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies. I am their friend.
TYRION: Don’t blame me for your crimes, Mormont.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean she’s going to be a great queen.
TYRION: Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne. You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
TYRION: Do you have wine?
TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.
TYRION: Did I offend you? Sorry. You are the bastard, though.
TYRION: Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?
TYRION: Daenerys is the dragon queen. Can’t very well let the dragons starve, that’s obvious.
TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).
TYRION: Cousins, you're right. There is no word for cousin killing. Well done. Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: Close the door!
TYRION: Clever girl.
TYRION: 'Cause I liked it. Power. Even as a servant. (takes a drink of wine)
TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
TYRION: But that’s a report. I was thinking more of a conversation. A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms.
TYRION: But I am not your ruler. I’m not the Breaker of Chains. I’m not the Unburnt. And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons.
TYRION: But here you are.
TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.
TYRION: Because you can not build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule. The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you.
TYRION: Because our queen chose me as her advisor. Until she returns from her travels --
TYRION: As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man.
TYRION: As do I.
TYRION: And when you get back to your home, who supports you?
TYRION: And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?
TYRION: And the other brother?
TYRION: And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations. As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace.
TYRION: And she exiled you, twice, I believe?
TYRION: And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Here’s to reversals of fortune.
TYRION: And Lady Stark is not your mother. Making you a bastard. Let me give you some advice, bastard. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor. Then it can never be used to hurt you.
TYRION: And I intend to help her do it.
TYRION: And drink. I’ve survived so far.
TYRION: And did they ever harm you?
TYRION: And did he?
TYRION: Alright. No drinking. We can play without drinking. It’s a wonderful game. I invented it. Here’s how it works. I make a statement about your past. If I’m wrong, I drink. And if I’m right -- Maybe we can’t play without drinking.
TYRION: All my life, you’ve wanted me dead.
TYRION: All dwarves are bastards in their fathers’ eyes.
TYRION: Advise you on what?
TYRION: A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion. And you’re going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if you’re ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
TYRION: (Valyrian) “Rusty” (Common Tongue) Thank you.
TYRION: (looks at Jorah) Him.
TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.
TYRION: (Chuckles). What a waste of a good kidnapping. So happens I was heading there myself!
TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.
TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting in attendance to three masters.
TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together in council. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. VARYS tsks at him.
Tyrion, now loose, runs over and picks up a shield. He fends off an attack as another of Lady Stark’s men kills him. Another tribesman is nearing Catelyn, Tyrion rushes over with his shield, knocks him to the ground and begins slamming it into his throat, directly in front of, and in defense of Catelyn. The battle comes to an end with many of their men defeated.
TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting together around a table. TYRION smiles at MISSANDEI, and MISSANDEI smiles back. TYRION smiles at GREY WORM, and GREY WORM remains expressionless.
TYRION, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI are walking together.
Tyrion, Daario, and Jorah sit on the steps in Dany’s throne room.
TYRION We enter these negotiations with open eyes. Trust me. My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution.
Tyrion walks from the courtyard to the dining hall where his family is eating breakfast.
Tyrion walks down the steps towards Missandei and Grey Worm. They exchange uncertain glances with each other.
TYRION turns to VARYS.
Tyrion turns to see Varys on the balcony next to him.
Tyrion turns to Mord who uncuffs him.
TYRION touches RHAEGAL on the neck.
TYRION takes hold of the piston keeping RHAEGAL’s shackle closed and pulls it free. The shackle falls the ground. TYRION turns around to see VISERION growling at him. VISERION exposes his neck to TYRION. TYRION approaches and releases the piston from VISERION’s shackle. RHAEGAL and VISERION return to the shadows. TYRION picks up his torch and hurries up the steps.
Tyrion stands in the place where Dany had Mossador executed and watches Jorah and Daario ride out of the city.
TYRION stands and carries his wine glass over to the decanter to refill it.
Tyrion standing in front of Robb and Maester Luwin inside the Winterfell castle.
TYRION stammers.
Tyrion spots another prostitute, with shorter dark hair. He gets up.
TYRION smiles.
TYRION sets down his torch and gets closer to RHAEGAL.
TYRION returns to the table. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI say nothing.
Tyrion repeatedly opens and closes a window.
Tyrion reenters the hall to speak and drink with Aemon and Lord Commander.
Tyrion raises his glass.
Tyrion pours himself a cup of wine and drinks it.
Tyrion pisses out of a window, and sips his wine. He throws the cup out into the water below. He notices that someone is behind him.
TYRION picks up a bell from the table beside him and rings it.
TYRION nods.
Tyrion makes a gesture.
Tyrion looks up to Varys with a slight smile.
Tyrion looks to Malko.
TYRION looks at VARYS. KINVARA says nothing.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM.
Tyrion looks around.
Tyrion Lannister:You will. On horseback you will be as tall as any of them.
Tyrion Lannister: You're joking?
Tyrion Lannister: You don't have enough men to be an army and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, until my brother killed him. Life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new King and my repulsive nephew will be King after him. I must do my part for the honor of my house, wouldn't you agree? But how? Well, my brother has his sword and I have my mind. And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much. And you? What's your story, bastard?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, my lady. I do, my lady.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes yes, against grumpkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about. You're a smart boy. You don't believe that nonsense... Everything's better with some wine in the belly.
Tyrion Lannister: Would your charming companion be so kind as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt.
Tyrion Lannister: Why? Am I starting to make sense?
Tyrion Lannister: Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would kill me for my boots. Unless a Shadowcat ate me first.
Tyrion Lannister: Where's your sense of wonder? The greatest structure ever built, the intrepid men of the Night's Watch, the wintry abode of the White Walkers.
Tyrion Lannister: Where? I don’t know where, but when they free me -
Tyrion Lannister: Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I’m a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored. I’m not particularly good at violence, but I’m good at convincing others to do violence for me. You want specifics, I suppose. When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle, naked and in tears. I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing. When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle’s boots with goatshit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and… I escaped justice. When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake. I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did. I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel -
Tyrion Lannister: What you see is a dwarf. If I'd been born a peasant they might've left me out in the woods to die. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for 20 years.
Tyrion Lannister: What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?
Tyrion Lannister: What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cripple can ride.
Tyrion Lannister: What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Women? Golden women?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I'm willing if she is.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I don’t have it here.
Tyrion Lannister: We have our differences, Jaime and I.
Tyrion Lannister: Very wise. They'll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place. Word's probably gotten to my father by now. He'll be offering a handsome reward. Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts. Would you be so good as to untie me?
Tyrion Lannister: Untie me. If I die, what's the point?
Tyrion Lannister: Uncle. Father.
Tyrion Lannister: Though I would treasure your friendship.
Tyrion Lannister: This isn't the Kingsroad. You said we were riding for Winterfell.
Tyrion Lannister: They say the winter of my birth was three years long, Maester Aemon.
Tyrion Lannister: They have a better chance finding feed than glory.
Tyrion Lannister: There's a clever man. You can manage food, I trust? Yoren, dine with me.
Tyrion Lannister: Then you might learn a lord's courtesy.
Tyrion Lannister: Then I'm not a dwarf. My father will rejoice to hear it. I have a gift for you. Give that to your saddler. He'll provide the rest. You must shape the horse to the rider. Start with a yearling and teach it to respond to the reins and to the boy's voice.
Tyrion Lannister: The Vale of Arryn.
Tyrion Lannister: The Maester says the boy may live.
Tyrion Lannister: The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable.
Tyrion Lannister: That trinket is worth more than everything your tribe owns.
Tyrion Lannister: Tell her I wish to confess my crimes.
Tyrion Lannister: Starve, most likely.
Tyrion Lannister: Speaking for the grotesques, I'd have to disagree. Death is so final, whereas life... Life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake. I'd be very interested to hear what he has to say.
Tyrion Lannister: Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark. There's a brothel outside your walls. There I'll find a bed and both of us can sleep easier.
Tyrion Lannister: Sorry to disappoint you.
Tyrion Lannister: So you're heading down to King's Landing too.
Tyrion Lannister: So it's true. Hello Bran. Do you remember anything about what happened?
Tyrion Lannister: She's not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?
Tyrion Lannister: She's changed. She was always a bit touched, but now... you might as well kill me here.
Tyrion Lannister: Send a raven for him, I’m happy to wait.
Tyrion Lannister: Rapers. They were given a choice no doubt... Castration or the Wall. Most choose the knife. Not impressed by your new brothers? Lovely thing about the Watch... You discard your old family and get a whole new one.
Tyrion Lannister: Only the gods know for certain. All the rest of us can do is pray. The charms of the north seem entirely lost on you.
Tyrion Lannister: One word and I'll hit you again.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh? Did I kill him too? I've been a very busy man.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I’m very sorry. I don’t know anything about all that.
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Tyrion Lannister: Now I demand a champion. I have that right, same as you.
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing would more likely ruin my supper. Lady Stark! What an unexpected pleasure. I was sorry to have missed you at Winterfell.
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive. Yes, a great victory for your people. Shame how it all turned out.
Tyrion Lannister: Not this time. We'll be staying at the finest castles and inns. No one turns away a Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: Not this little man. This little man is going home. I believe you have something of mine.
Tyrion Lannister: None. But it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted.
Tyrion Lannister: No, of course not. What happened here? Where is lady Stark? Why didn't she receive me?
Tyrion Lannister: No no no no no! My, my House is rich and powerful.
Tyrion Lannister: No need to bother Lord Robin. I demand a trial by combat.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither am I! I had nothing to do with the attempt on your son's life!
Tyrion Lannister: My sister rules, you mean.
Tyrion Lannister: My men can sleep in the stable. As for myself, I don't require a large room.
Tyrion Lannister: My lady? Your loyalty to your captors is touching. Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember seeing my father's fleet burn in Lannisport. I believe your uncles were responsible?
Tyrion Lannister: My family is rich. We have gold, lots of gold. I’m prepared to give you lots of gold.
Tyrion Lannister: My dear brother, you wound me. You know how much I love my family.
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Turnkey! Mord! Mord!
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord!
Tyrion Lannister: Maybe. Though the boy does have a certain belligerence.
Tyrion Lannister: May I present My Lord Father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: Look at me and tell me what you see.
Tyrion Lannister: Listen to me! Listen to me! Sometimes possession… is an abstract concept. When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine.
Tyrion Lannister: Let's share the road. I could use some decent company.
Tyrion Lannister: I've offended you. Forgive me, it's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair. I'm a constant disappointment to my own father and I've learned to live with it. Your next tumble with Ros is on me. I'll try not to wear her out.
Tyrion Lannister: It's just I think they would look marvelous decorating spikes in King's Landing. Perhaps I'll write my sister, the Queen, about it.
Tyrion Lannister: It's either me or this cold. And it doesn't appear to be going anywhere.
Tyrion Lannister: It's a lucky thing none of them were trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Rodrik. I don't imagine any of them have ever held a real sword before they came here. Your brother Bran. He's woken up.
Tyrion Lannister: Is this how justice is done in the Vale? you accuse me of crimes, I deny them, so you throw me in a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King’s Justice? I’m accused and demand a trial.
Tyrion Lannister: Is there nothing I can do... to remedy this?
Tyrion Lannister: In my own bed, at the age of 80 with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not sure what I've done to offend you. I have great admiration for the Night's Watch. I've great admiration for you as First Ranger.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm looking at you. You've got an interesting face. Very distinctive faces. All of you.
Tyrion Lannister: If you're going to be a cripple, it's better to be a rich cripple. Take care, Snow.
Tyrion Lannister: If I'm going to die, it may as well be with a song in my heart.
Tyrion Lannister: If any harm comes to me, my brother, Jaime, will see that they do.
Tyrion Lannister: I wouldn’t be too glad, ser. I name my brother, Jaime Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand the law.
Tyrion Lannister: I think he's starting to like me. "Going below"?
Tyrion Lannister: I must say I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit.
Tyrion Lannister: I like you.
Tyrion Lannister: I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him. Time for breakfast...
Tyrion Lannister: I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things.
Tyrion Lannister: I expect I will. Gods know there aren't many feather beds between here and King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister: I envy your father all his fine friends, but I don't quite see the purpose of this.
Tyrion Lannister: I am Tyrion son of Tywin of Clan Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: How would you like to be rich?
Tyrion Lannister: How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever heard the phrase “Rich as a Lannister”? Of course you have. You’re a smart man. You know who the Lannisters are. I am a Lannister. Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, “a Lannister always pays his debts.” If you deliver a message from me to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt. I will owe you gold. If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do.
Tyrion Lannister: Half a man maybe, but at least I have the courage to face my enemies.
Tyrion Lannister: Grenn's father left him too... Outside a farmhouse when he was three. Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese. His little sister hadn't eaten in three days. He was given a choice: his right hand or the Wall. I've been asking the Lord Commander about them. Fascinating stories.
Tyrion Lannister: Good news or bad?
Tyrion Lannister: Go! Tell her. But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them. Do you understand?
Tyrion Lannister: From here it might be best if Bronn and I continue alone.
Tyrion Lannister: Eight... no, nine.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you understand?
Tyrion Lannister: Do you think I'm plump? Listen, Benjen... May I call you Benjen?
Tyrion Lannister: Do you like to ride, Bran?
Tyrion Lannister: Do I have a volunteer?
Tyrion Lannister: Do Dornish girls count? So you roam the Seven Kingdoms, collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bringing them here as eager recruits?
Tyrion Lannister: Curious.
Tyrion Lannister: Confessing my crimes.
Tyrion Lannister: Come, share our fire.
Tyrion Lannister: Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you. Your master doesn't seem to like Lannisters.
Tyrion Lannister: But... I don't believe that giants and ghouls and White Walkers are lurking beyond the Wall. I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when the Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it.
Tyrion Lannister: Bread. And two of those little fish. And a mug of dark beer to wash it down. And bacon, burnt black.
Tyrion Lannister: Beloved siblings.
Tyrion Lannister: Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies.
Tyrion Lannister: Apparently not.
Tyrion Lannister: Anyone?... Anyone?
Tyrion Lannister: Any man of the Night's Watch, but not I, eh, boy?
Tyrion Lannister: And the Starks? Lord Eddard?
Tyrion Lannister: And how's that going, Commander Mormont?
Tyrion Lannister: And how do a bear's balls taste?
Tyrion Lannister: And go celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock. I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world.
Tyrion Lannister: And feed it to the goats, yes.
Tyrion Lannister: Ah... the Eastern Road. We're going to The Vale. You're taking me to your sister's to answer for my imagined crimes. Tell me, Lady Stark. When was the last time you saw your sister?
Tyrion Lannister: Agreed.
Tyrion Lannister: About the gold -
Tyrion Lannister: A stupid rebellion then. I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle. Now here you are, your enemy's squire.
Tyrion Lannister: A Lannister always pays his debts.
Tyrion Lannister: A charming man.
Tyrion Lannister: A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient order of the Night's Watch, alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms.
Tyrion knocks on the front of the carriage. The camera then pans over part of the city. Varys and Tyrion walk through a busy marketplace.
Tyrion is standing on a balcony with a glass of wine. Varys approaches him.
Tyrion is pissing off of the wall, when he’s done, Jon and him converse near a fire.
Tyrion finishes his wine.
TYRION finishes his glass of wine and walks over to the pitcher to pour himself another glass.
TYRION exits. VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM follow.
Tyrion enters the pit.
Tyrion clinks his glass against Varys’s. A prostitute dressed as Daenerys walks through the brothel. Tyrion looks at her.
TYRION chuckles nervously. RHAEGAL growls at TYRION. TYRION approaches cautiously.
TYRION begins walking away. The others follow.
TYRION begins to descend the steps towards the men. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.
Tyrion approaches the black haired prostitute.
Tyrion approaches Daenerys and Missandei. Her guards raise their spears to her. Daenerys waves them off.
Tyrion and Yoren of the Night’s Watch enter the inn. Catelyn attempts to hide herself.
TYRION and VARYS turn back to face MISSANDEI and GREY WORM.
TYRION and VARYS stand on the plateau above the audience chamber. A woman stans at the bottom of the steps, and a man stand a few steps in front of her.
TYRION and VARYS proceed up the steps. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.
TYRION and VARYS enter the dragons’ holding chamber bearing torches. TYRION begins walking slowly down the steps. VARYS remains at the top. When TYRION reaches the floor, he pauses and stares into the darkness. Faint growling can be heard. TYRION stops and looks back at VARYS momentarily. RHAEGAL and VISERION emerge from the shadows. VISERION lights a fire in his mouth and roars at TYRION. RHAEGAL approaches with a small roar.
TYRION and VARYS begin ascending the stairs to the Great Pyramid.
Tyrion and Lord Commander talking, overlooking the courtyard.
Tyrion and Jorah’s hands are tied. Malko punches Jorah in the face. He gets up.
TYRION and company reach the bottom of the steps so they are face to face with the men.
TYRION (Valyrian): Dwarf. I believe that’s the word. Apologies. My Valyrian is a bit “nostril”.
TYRION (to RHAEGAL): I’m friends with your mother. I’m here to help. Don’t eat the help.
TYRION (to MISSANDEI): You speak 19 languages. You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things.
TYRION (to Jorah): You love her, don’t you? How could you not. Of course, it’s hopeless for the both of you. Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen. But, we always want the wrong woman.
TYRION (speaking Valyrian): Welcome to Meereen.
TYRION (speaking Valyrian): My friends! Large sorry...you wait so fat time.
TYRION (O.S.): It’s true. He has.
TYRION (drinking): Preparing for a night with your family. I’ve always wanted to see the Wall.
Tyrion
TYRION:Wars have been started for less.
TYRION: Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned.
TYRION: You've perfected the art of tearing up papers. Give him his father's bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith.
TYRION: You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister.
TYRION: You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half the city will starve when winter comes. The other half will plot to overthrow you. And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, The Queen slaughters babies. (Cersei says nothing). You don't even have the decency to deny it.
TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well. And we have two of them.
TYRION: You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?
TYRION: You know your wines, my lord.
TYRION: You have a deft hand with diplomacy.
TYRION: You can't trust anyone in King's Landing. They're all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars.
TYRION: You can smell cum from the balcony?
TYRION: You brought this on yourself.
TYRION: Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings.
TYRION: Yes, well, you need to be careful. No one can know you're here.
TYRION: Yes, of course. City Watch must keep the peace. Only, I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.
TYRION: Yes, but in his absence&
TYRION: Why do you think I am so little? I'm being, (Lays down on the bed with Shae), crushed beneath the weight of all that truth.
TYRION: Who's won every battle he's fought. Do you understand we're losing the war?
TYRION: What a fine job you've done. (Turns to Myrcella). Look at you. (Kisses her). More beautiful than ever. (Turns to Tommen). And you! You, you're going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking. (Tyrion smiles. He and Myrcella laugh). This one doesn't like me.
TYRION: Well, (Gulps down his wine), enjoy your name day, Your Grace. Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done.
TYRION: We looked for you on the battlefield. (Joffrey sits down). You were nowhere to be found.
TYRION: To the new Commander.
TYRION: There's a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way.
TYRION: The queen regent. And you're a fool to believe she's your friend.
TYRION: The fool! He had no idea you were already bought.
TYRION: That's good of you, but you have heard them. I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cersei's children.
TYRION: She was my mother too.
TYRION: Safe travels, cousin.
TYRION: Quite right. You did nothing when your son called for Ned Stark's head. Now the entire North has risen up against us.
TYRION: Quite right. Especially the queen's orders.
TYRION: One?
TYRION: Of course you are.
TYRION: Nothing. But I know people. And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us.
TYRION: No, we shan't.
TYRION: No, but who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman.
TYRION: Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didn't suffer enough. One of the many changes we'll have to make around here.
TYRION: Myself, I prefer the improper ones.
TYRION: Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (Takes a sip).
TYRION: Me? I'm not from here. I'm a slave to the truth.
TYRION: Me, too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. (Looks at Sansa). My Lady, I'm sorry for your loss.
TYRION: Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall.
TYRION: Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?
TYRION: Leave us, Podrick. I believe we know how to pour our own wine.
TYRION: Joffrey is King.
TYRION: It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you. Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.
TYRION: It was quite a battle.
TYRION: If I were capable of tricking father, I'd be emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself. (Cersei sits down).
TYRION: If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mother's breast, would you do it without question?
TYRION: I'm only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back.
TYRION: I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.
TYRION: I'm not Ned Stark. I understand the way this game is played.
TYRION: I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling that that.
TYRION: I thought you wanted to come here.
TYRION: I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.
TYRION: I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other night.
TYRION: I have every right. I am the King's Hand.
TYRION: I don't like threats.
TYRION: I don't know what I believe, but here's a fact for you. The Night's Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall.
TYRION: I appreciate your loyalty. Tell me.
TYRION: His name is Bronn... and he is the new commander of the City Watch.
TYRION: Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here.
TYRION: Don't get up. More ravishing than ever, big sister. (Kisses Cersei on the cheek). War agrees with you. Forgive the interruption, carry on.
TYRION: Do you understand were losing the war?
TYRION: Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father will be furious. It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child.
TYRION: Did you? You failed. That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation.
TYRION: Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them.
TYRION: Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a lord.
TYRION: But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize.
TYRION: Beloved nephew.
TYRION: Apparently you burn him.
TYRION: And so did the country.
TYRION: And I am not. Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea.
TYRION: According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers. (The other stop leaving). Mormont doesn't lie.
TYRION: A bit corpsey, yes.
TYRION: (Tries not to laugh). As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.
TYRION: (Sits down) It's been a remarkable journey. I, (grabs a glass), pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell. (Pours himself wine). I fought with the hill tribes. So many adventures, so much to be thankful for.
TYRION: (Begins to pour wine). Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.
