CERSEI: You've made progress?
CERSEI: You've already given us too much. (Gets up and walks to a window). No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank.
CERSEI: You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them?
CERSEI: You're dismissed, Grand Maester.
CERSEI: You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin.
CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: Your legacy is a lie.
CERSEI: Your happiness is all I want in this world
CERSEI: Your grandson is still a prisoner. You’ll leave him rotting in a cell?
CERSEI: Your daughter will do well in the capital. Such a beauty shouldn’t stay hidden up here forever.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with him?
CERSEI: You’re upset. You’re not thinking clearly. I’ll visit again when you’ve had a chance to calm down.
CERSEI: You’re tall. Still growing?
CERSEI: You’re right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
CERSEI: You would abandon your king in his time of need?
CERSEI: You were assaulted?
CERSEI: You should be the Hand of the king.
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
CERSEI: You never made anything better.
CERSEI: You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother.
CERSEI: You must be exhausted.
CERSEI: You love your granddaughter. I love my son. It’s the only truth I know. We must defend them.
CERSEI: You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters.
CERSEI: You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be.
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what they’ve done to your son. Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
CERSEI: You go there with an army, it’s an act of war.
CERSEI: You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying, of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you would've known.
CERSEI: You don’t need to be afraid of my father.
CERSEI: You can’t.
CERSEI: You can’t just ask Prince Doran to give her back! She’s promised his son.
CERSEI: You can save him?
CERSEI: Yes. Lovely country.
CERSEI: Yes. Like the ones I just said to father. I told him.
CERSEI: Yes.
CERSEI: Yes.
CERSEI: Yes, I’m afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever.
CERSEI: Yes you do.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a lovely day.
CERSEI: Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.
CERSEI: Will you be one of them?
CERSEI: Will the king and I have children?
CERSEI: Will it weaken him?
CERSEI: Why not?
CERSEI: Why no shoes?
CERSEI: Who will stand judge?
CERSEI: Which is why you were chosen. (HS smiles). You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most.
CERSEI: Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyone’s. The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens. No respect for anything in this world. He has no use for the things of this world. He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies. With beggars in the street. With nothing.
CERSEI: Where is our brother? Go find the little beast.
CERSEI: When you marched into the throne room to tell me we'd won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that's how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.
CERSEI: What?
CERSEI: What, then?
CERSEI: What if Jon Arryn told someone?
CERSEI: What does The Mother’s mercy entail?
CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?
CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
CERSEI: What can I do for you?
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
CERSEI: What are the king’s orders?
CERSEI: What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king--
CERSEI: We’ve been riding for a month, my love. Surely the dead can wait.
CERSEI: We’ve always been together. We’ll always be together. We’re the only two people in the world.
CERSEI: We were fools to trust a turncloak.
CERSEI: We should treat them without mercy and we will. But if you kill the High Sparrow, you won’t leave the sept alive. And without you, this is all for nothing. Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you. Show our men where their loyalties belong. Show them what lannisters are, what we do to our enemies. And take that stupid little castle back because it’s ours and because you can.
CERSEI: We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified.
CERSEI: We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair.
CERSEI: We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods.
CERSEI: Very well then.
CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".
CERSEI: Very good.
CERSEI: Varys's little birds?
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite alright.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.
CERSEI: Trial? I have confessed?
CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.
CERSEI: This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?
CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.
CERSEI: This is my father’s land. My land. Tell me my future or I’ll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head.
CERSEI: This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. It’s quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind.
CERSEI: They?
CERSEI: They will wait.
CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.
CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cat’s teeth and three eyes. You’re not terrifying. You’re boring.
CERSEI: They have no idea how strong we are. No idea what we’re going to do to them.
CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy. I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years…
CERSEI: They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy that’s befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!
CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.
CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.
CERSEI: There are only two like it in the world: the one I’m wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella.
CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
CERSEI: Then don’t call her your daughter. You’ve never been a father to her.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king’s orders.
CERSEI: The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.
CERSEI: The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. (Smiles).
CERSEI: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess.
CERSEI: The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?
CERSEI: The King’s orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras’ perversion?
CERSEI: The king is very busy at this moment.
CERSEI: The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers.
CERSEI: The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. (Smiling). He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, he’ll have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him. Ser Gregor will can’t face them all. And he won’t have to. He’ll only have to face one.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.
CERSEI: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help…
CERSEI: The charges?
CERSEI: That’s not possible.
CERSEI: That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made.
CERSEI: That is not your concern as Master of War.
CERSEI: That doesn’t make sense.
CERSEI: Thank you. Thank you.
CERSEI: Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven.
CERSEI: Thank you for bringing it up. It’s well past time we addressed the abuses I endured.
CERSEI: Tell him I need to speak to him.
CERSEI: Take the head.
CERSEI: Such talent. You must make something for me.
CERSEI: Stop. STOP.
CERSEI: Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love.
CERSEI: Sleep well, sister.
CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him.
CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).
CERSEI: Safe travels, Lord Tyrell.
CERSEI: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.
CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.
CERSEI: Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. (HS raises an eyebrow). In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven.
CERSEI: Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor.
CERSEI: Our daughter’s in danger, and you’re worried I’m speaking too loudly!
CERSEI: Once I’ve confessed, will I be free?
CERSEI: Of course we should.
CERSEI: Of course it’s a threat! Our daughter’s in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. (mocking) "It's a threat."
CERSEI: Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens.
CERSEI: Not yet.
CERSEI: Not him.
CERSEI: Not anymore.
CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: No.
CERSEI: No.
CERSEI: No.
CERSEI: No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.
CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.
CERSEI: No you don’t. You can’t possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground. That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy.
CERSEI: No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control.
CERSEI: Never. I’ll never leave my son.
CERSEI: My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.
CERSEI: My son. Let me speak to--
CERSEI: My husband.
CERSEI: My face will be the last thing you see before--
CERSEI: My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.
CERSEI: My atonement?
CERSEI: Move. Let me go immediately.
CERSEI: Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know you’re still in mourning.
CERSEI: May the gods forgive me.
CERSEI: May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?
CERSEI: Look at me. What did they do to me? To the king’s own mother?
CERSEI: Look at me. Look at my face. It’s the last thing you’ll see before you die.JORAH: Your Grace, I want to say--
CERSEI: Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic.
CERSEI: Lancel Lannister.
CERSEI: Joffrey is dead. Myrcella's been sold like livestock. And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy. Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen.
CERSEI: Jaime.
CERSEI: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I’ve no idea when he’ll be back.
CERSEI: It’s all right. It's done. It’s in the past. And of course Margaery’s safety is paramount.
CERSEI: It’s all right.
CERSEI: It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me.
CERSEI: It will be a trial by combat. I have the Mountain. They’ve made us both stronger, all of them.
CERSEI: Is this a Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
CERSEI: In person.
CERSEI: I'm opening it again.
CERSEI: I'm not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times.
CERSEI: I'll tell everyone the truth.
CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).
CERSEI: If you apologize for that comment perhaps--
CERSEI: If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?
CERSEI: If one or both of them were to confess before the trial…
CERSEI: If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy.
CERSEI: I’ve been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
CERSEI: I’m sure he’ll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.
CERSEI: I’m afraid i don’t.
CERSEI: I’ll speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree.
CERSEI: I’ll get out of here, you realize. Before long.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son.
CERSEI: I wish you’d said it sooner. Any word from Jaime?
CERSEI: I will, I will. I swear it, day and night.
CERSEI: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil.
CERSEI: I will not.
CERSEI: I was lonely and afraid.
CERSEI: I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do?
CERSEI: I understand. I’m glad to see you.
CERSEI: I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy.
CERSEI: I told him I wouldn't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen, with you.
CERSEI: I told him about us.
CERSEI: I think I may have heard at one point.
CERSEI: I know you’re a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.
CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.
CERSEI: I heard you were leaving King’s Landing.
CERSEI: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light--
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere.
CERSEI: I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister. I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them. They're all so small I can't even see them. I only see what matters.
CERSEI: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong with my son, the king.
CERSEI: I don't care.
CERSEI: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
CERSEI: I do.
CERSEI: I do, so do you. You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world-
CERSEI: I do hope you change your mind about that. I’ve been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins.
CERSEI: I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. (Begins walking towards her desk). Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions.
CERSEI: I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other.
CERSEI: I choose you.
CERSEI: I can’t stay here.
CERSEI: I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court.
CERSEI: I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die.
CERSEI: I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother’s mercy. I haven’t seen my son… I don’t know how long it’s been. I need to see him. Please.
CERSEI: I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains--
CERSEI: How's your work coming along?
CERSEI: How much can the Crown afford?
CERSEI: House Tyrell won’t tolerate it? I’m the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.
CERSEI: House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I’m sure they don’t. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and we’ll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna.
CERSEI: Hmm.
CERSEI: He's not.
CERSEI: Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now?
CERSEI: Hello, little dove. But you are a beauty. How old are you?
CERSEI: He’ll never know we’ve been gone.
CERSEI: He saw us.
CERSEI: He saw us!
CERSEI: He never wanted you to be a King’s Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body.
CERSEI: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.
CERSEI: He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same.
CERSEI: Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement?
CERSEI: Good. It was always her color.
CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.
CERSEI: Good. (Cersei gets up) If there’s nothing else.
CERSEI: Go and ask him.
CERSEI: Get out of my way.
CERSEI: Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man.
CERSEI: For my family, no. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine.
CERSEI: Everything they say is true about Jaime and me.
CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.
CERSEI: Do everything you can. Come to me with anything you need.
CERSEI: Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: Confess? To the High Sparrow? I won’t. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness.
CERSEI: But I will be queen?
CERSEI: Bloody Martells.
CERSEI: BEtter you’re elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons.
CERSEI: Beg your pardon.
CERSEI: As I said, i didn’t imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats--
CERSEI: As have we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: And your dress. Did you make it?
CERSEI: And you never worry about anything. When we were seven, you jumped off the cliffs as Casterly Rock. One hundred foot drop into the water. And you were never afraid.
CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
CERSEI: And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden.
CERSEI: And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it.
CERSEI: And if you succeed?
CERSEI: And I’ll l know you’re a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark’s head on a spike.
CERSEI: And have you bled yet?
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
CERSEI: An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven.
CERSEI: Am I free to go?
CERSEI: Always.
CERSEI: All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets.
CERSEI: All lies.
CERSEI: Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
CERSEI: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brother’s children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers’. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it.
CERSEI: A husband of whoring every chance he got.
CERSEI: A disease doesn't decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does. What do you decide? What do you choose?
CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?
CERSEI: (Walking out). Not small enough.
CERSEI: (Turns around). Did I arrest him?
CERSEI: (Smiles. Continues after a moment). What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege.
CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.
CERSEI: (scoffs) You’re going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?
CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
Cersei writes at her desk without acknowledging Olenna.
Cersei will keep her close. The rest of your household though, all dead, it grieves me to say.
CERSEI walks over to a side table and drinks a sip of wine. Her back is facing TOMMEN.
Cersei walks out smiling. She is taken to High Septon’s room by a Sparrow.
Cersei walks off.
CERSEI walks in from the balcony.
Cersei walks away, grabs a glass of wine, and heads to a room alone. Lancel greets her after some time.
Cersei walks away from him. A barefooted man in a robe walks up to Cersei.
Cersei walks away and heads down the stairs.
CERSEI turns to face TOMMEN.
Cersei tending to Joffrey’s “wound”.
CERSEI takes TOMMEN by the chin.
Cersei takes her hands.
Cersei takes a sip of wine and Lancel walks away.
Cersei starts walking away.
CERSEI stands and approaches JAIME.
Cersei sits in her chair, looking angry. At the table is Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, Mace Tyrell, and an empty chair.
Cersei shreds Robert's letter to pieces
Cersei looks up to the Septa.
Cersei looks unsure, presumably having expected him to say yes. After a moment she smiles and pushes the wine away.
Cersei looks farefully at a box on her desk. Jaime opens it, and a viper with a necklace in its mouth comes out. Jaime inspects the necklace; it has the Lannister lion on it.
Cersei leaves the room. Qyburn begins writing something down. Behind him on a table is a large object, covered by a sheet. After a few moments of writing, the object begins violently jerking around, and then stops.
Cersei laughs.
Cersei Lannister: You're in pain.
Cersei Lannister: You think he stands alone?
Cersei Lannister: You disappoint me, child.
Cersei Lannister: You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark.
Cersei Lannister: Word of your father's arrest will reach him soon, no doubt.
Cersei Lannister: Whose death, Ser Barristan? Yours or your King's?
Cersei Lannister: We have a new King now.
Cersei Lannister: The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for 300 years to keep bloodlines pure.
Cersei Lannister: The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Cersei Lannister: That depends.
Cersei Lannister: Thank the Gods.
Cersei Lannister: Ser Barristan Selmy.
Cersei Lannister: Sansa sweetling, you are innocent of any wrong.
Cersei Lannister: Robert, my sweet...
Cersei Lannister: Rise, Ser Barristan.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps it's time to go home.
Cersei Lannister: On your brother. And on you.
Cersei Lannister: Oh, but it was.
Cersei Lannister: No more than I love mine.
Cersei Lannister: May I see that letter, Ser Barristan?
Cersei Lannister: Little dove, you must write to Lady Catelyn and your brother, the eldest.
Cersei Lannister: Jaime would have killed him.
Cersei Lannister: Hated him? I worshiped him.
Cersei Lannister: Do you, Lord Stark? Is that why you called me here, to pose me riddles?
Cersei Lannister: Do you love your children?
Cersei Lannister: Do you have some business for the King and the Council, Sansa?
Cersei Lannister: Careful, Ser.
Cersei Lannister: And what of my wrath, Lord Stark? You should have taken the realm for yourself.
Cersei kisses Tywin on the head then leaves.
CERSEI is walking down the hall to TOMMEN’s chamber. She hears MAESTER PYCELLE talking.
Cersei is thrown into the cell. She looks up at the people who put her there.
Cersei is stripped naked and has the dirt washed off of her by the septas. After they scrub her clean, they sit her down and begin chopping her hair away with a knife. They leave her naked, with short hair and a bloody scalp, and then shut the door on her.
CERSEI is standing in the center of the room,. She pulls a loose thread from the sleeve of her dress and examines it. GREGOR enters. CERSEI walks past him and exits her chamber. GREGOR follows. When they reach the bottom of the steps, they are confronted by a group of the king’s soldiers.
Cersei is silent for a moment.
CERSEI is looking over the balcony at King’s Landing. TOMMEN enters her chamber.
Cersei is knelt before the High Sparrow in the room where she was taken away.
Cersei is huddled in the corner. She shudders as the door opens.
Cersei is grabbed and carried away from the room.
Cersei is carried to the top of the steps, in front of a massive crowd of King’s Landing citizens.
Cersei inspects him for a moment.
Cersei hits Jaime, he spins her around and hugs her from behind, whispering into her ear.
Cersei gives a faint laugh.
Cersei gets out of a cart to a funeral procession outside of the Great Sept of Baelor. She walks to the top of the stairs.
Cersei exits the room, slamming the door shut behind her.
CERSEI enters the room
Cersei enters Margaery’s cell.
Cersei enters King Robert’s chambers.
Cersei embraces him and starts crying.
Cersei cuts her thumb then Maggy grabs her hand to suck her blood.
Cersei covers her nose. At the top of the stairs is a large room. She watches as many people eat at tables.
Cersei Baratheon: You're missing your tournament.
Cersei Baratheon: You're just a soldier, aren't you? You take your orders and you carry on. I suppose it makes sense. Your older brother was trained to lead and you were trained to follow.
Cersei Baratheon: Your girl and that butcher's boy attacked my son. That animal of hers nearly tore his arm off.
Cersei Baratheon: You were the King’s Hand!
Cersei Baratheon: You shall now be held accountable.
Cersei Baratheon: You can't change him. You can't help him. He'll do what he wants, which is all he's ever done. You'll try your best to pick up the pieces.
Cersei Baratheon: Yes. She's very beautiful and young. If you don't like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses. And if you'd rather fuck painted whores, you'll fuck painted whores. And if you'd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it. You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly as you want it to be. Do something nice for the Stark girl.
Cersei Baratheon: Yes, it tis. What was she like?
Cersei Baratheon: Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces.
Cersei Baratheon: Where is the beast?
Cersei Baratheon: What if it comes back to him? If he tells his father what he saw...
Cersei Baratheon: What harm could Lyanna Stark's ghost do to either of us that we haven't done to each other a hundred times over?
Cersei Baratheon: What do you want?
Cersei Baratheon: What do you mean?
Cersei Baratheon: Well, seventeen years is quite a long time.
Cersei Baratheon: We still outnumber them.
Cersei Baratheon: We have another wolf.
Cersei Baratheon: This is your home. I'm your guest. Handsome one, isn't he? I lost my first boy, a little black-haired beauty. He was a fighter too... Tried to beat the fever that took him. Forgive me. It's the last thing you need to hear right now.
Cersei Baratheon: The only Stark who does. Favors her mother, not much of the north in her.
Cersei Baratheon: The North cannot be held... not by an outsider. It's too big and too wild. When the winter comes, the Seven gods together couldn't save you and your royal army. A good King knows when to save his strength... And when to destroy his enemies.
Cersei Baratheon: The Dothraki don't sail. Every child knows that. They don't have discipline. They don't have armor. They don't have siege weapons.
Cersei Baratheon: The children don't need to hear your filth. Come.
Cersei Baratheon: That's not true. You killed the beast. You only spared the girl because of the love your father bears her father. When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor. Someday you'll sit on the throne and the truth will be what you make it.
Cersei Baratheon: She's not. Sansa, come here, darling.
Cersei Baratheon: She's as wild as that animal of hers. I want her punished.
Cersei Baratheon: Ser Ilyn, do me the honor.
Cersei Baratheon: Please.
Cersei Baratheon: Please, it's nearly healed.
Cersei Baratheon: Perhaps this time she'll listen.
Cersei Baratheon: Our marriage.
Cersei Baratheon: Nothing. He's said nothing. He remembers nothing.
Cersei Baratheon: No. He's not serious enough. I'll say this for Ned Stark - he's serious enough. Was it really worth it? Losing him this way?
Cersei Baratheon: No, but you will. The occasional kindness will spare you all sorts of trouble down the road.
Cersei Baratheon: Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men attacked Jaime.
Cersei Baratheon: Let me go.
Cersei Baratheon: Let me go.
Cersei Baratheon: Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life.
Cersei Baratheon: Joffrey told us what happened. You and that boy beat him with clubs while you set your wolf on him.
Cersei Baratheon: It's no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain.
Cersei Baratheon: It was years ago. Robert was crazed, beat his hands bloody on the wall, all the things men do to show you how much they care... The boy looked just like him. Such a little thing... A bird without feathers. They came to take his body away and Robert held me. I screamed and I battled, but he held me. That little bundle. They took him away and I never saw him again. Never have visited the crypt, never. I pray to the Mother every morning and night that she return your child to you.
Cersei Baratheon: It doesn't make me feel anything.
Cersei Baratheon: Is this some trick?
Cersei Baratheon: Is my father wrong?
Cersei Baratheon: I'm sorry your marriage to Ned Stark didn't work out. You seemed so good together.
Cersei Baratheon: I took you for a king.
Cersei Baratheon: I thought we might put what happened on the Kingsroad behind us – the ugliness with the wolves. And forcing you to kill the beast was extreme. Though sometimes we go to extremes where our children are concerned. How is Sansa?
Cersei Baratheon: I still can't believe you're going. It's ridiculous even for you.
Cersei Baratheon: I shall wear this like a badge of honor.
Cersei Baratheon: I might ask the same of you. What is it you hope to accomplish?
Cersei Baratheon: I felt something for you once, you know?
Cersei Baratheon: How would you handle them?
Cersei Baratheon: How dare you speak to your King in that manner?
Cersei Baratheon: How could you be so stupid?
Cersei Baratheon: He's a child... 10 years old. What were you thinking?
Cersei Baratheon: He’s attacked my brother and abducted the other. I should wear the armor and you the gown.
Cersei Baratheon: Five.
Cersei Baratheon: Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.
Cersei Baratheon: Every day.
Cersei Baratheon: Even after we lost our first boy -- for quite a while, actually. Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time, ever a... moment?
Cersei Baratheon: Do you know what your wife has done?
Cersei Baratheon: By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?
Cersei Baratheon: But you've just invaded their homeland, asked them to kill their brothers.
Cersei Baratheon: At first, just saying her name, even in private felt like I was breathing life back into her. I thought if I didn't talk about her, she'd just fade away for you. When I realized that wasn't going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite. I didn't want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared enough to ask. And eventually it became clear that my spite didn't mean anything to you, as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it.
Cersei Baratheon: As was I.
Cersei Baratheon: And what of the direwolf? What of the beast that savaged your son?
Cersei Baratheon: And these 10,000 northern troops, would they fight for you or their lord?
Cersei Baratheon: And my husband?
Cersei Baratheon: And if you find the proof?
Cersei Baratheon: And if the northerners rebel?
Cersei Baratheon: A royal army?
Cersei Baratheon: A King should have scars, you fought off a direwolf. You're a warrior like your father.
Cersei approaches a room with two guards. Inside, Margaery is having tea with some of her friends.
Cersei and Tommen walk together, her arm around his. A group of guards walk behind them.
CERSEI and TOMMEN embrace.
Cersei and Qyburn enter the room, taking the open seats on the small council. Cersei sits at the head of the table.
CERSEI (to QYBURN): Don’t stop at the city. I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North. If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it. If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear. I want to know who they are. I want to where they are.
CERSEI (to LADY OLENNA): Why are you here?
CERSEI (to KEVAN): What about Myrcella’s death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue?
CERSEI (to CATELYN]: I hear we might share a grandchild someday.
CERSEI (sighs): Thank you so much for your kind words.
CERSEI (O.S.): You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy… I am the queen! Let me go!
CERSEI (cutting him off): Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.
Cersei
