CATELYN: Your Grace.
CATELYN: You can always say no, Ned.
CATELYN: You always look at your feet before you lie. Run and find your father. Tell him the king is close.
CATELYN: Where’s Arya? Sansa, where’s your sister?
CATELYN: We need plenty of candles for Lord Tyrion’s chamber. I’m told he reads all night.
CATELYN: This was sent from the Eyrie. What’s she doing at the Eyrie? She hasn’t been back there since her wedding.
CATELYN: They murdered the last Hand. Now you want Ned to take the job.
CATELYN: They both have their health. Gods be good. [pause] The raven brought more news. The king rides for Winterfell. With the queen and all the rest of them.
CATELYN: There was a raven from Kings Landing. Jon Arryn is dead. A fever took him. I know he was like a father to you.
CATELYN: Then he is the stupidest prince that ever lived.
CATELYN: She’s fled the capital. She says Jon Arryn was murdered. By the Lannisters. She says the king is in danger.
CATELYN: Sansa…
CATELYN: Ned. Ten is too young to see such things.
CATELYN: My queen.
CATELYN: Lysa’s head would be on a spike right now if the wrong people had found that letter. Do you think she would risk her life, her son’s life, if she wasn’t certain her husband was murdered?
CATELYN: In any case, candles.
CATELYN: I’m sure it’s very grim, after Kings Landing. I remember how scared I was when Ned brought me up here for the first time.
CATELYN: I’ll say, ‘Listen, fat man, you are not taking my husband anywhere. He belongs to me now.’
CATELYN: I wonder if the old gods agree.
CATELYN: I won’t let him take you.
CATELYN: I want you to promise me: No more climbing.
CATELYN: I hear the same.
CATELYN: I am so sorry, my love.
CATELYN: Hush now. Your father hasn’t even said yes.
CATELYN: How much could he possibly drink? A man of his … stature.
CATELYN: How many times have I told you: No climbing!
CATELYN: He’d have to leave home. He’d have to leave me. And so would you.
CATELYN: He spent half his life fighting Robert’s wars. He owes him nothing. (To NED) Your father and brother rode south once on a king’s demand.
CATELYN: He only stops eating when it’s time for a drink.
CATELYN: Gods, but they grow fast. [Seeing BRAN on the wall] Brandon!
CATELYN: Do you have to?
CATELYN: D’you know what?
CATELYN: All these years and I still feel like an outsider when I come here.
Catelyn Stark:Knight of House Frey: Lord Walder is well, my Lady. He has asked your father for the honor of his presence on his 90th nameday. He plans to take another wife.
Catelyn Stark: You've said it.
Catelyn Stark: You've had this since dawn?
Catelyn Stark: Yours?
Catelyn Stark: you would never be allowed to leave. No.
Catelyn Stark: You will not support us then? Do I understand you correctly?
Catelyn Stark: You look well.
Catelyn Stark: You little worm! You take me for some back-alley Sally you can drag into a…
Catelyn Stark: What if he's wrong? Bran needs me.
Catelyn Stark: What I am about to tell you must remain between us. I don't think Bran fell from that tower. I think he was thrown.
Catelyn Stark: We have proof. We have the blade.
Catelyn Stark: Too large a party attracts unwanted attention. I don't want the Lannisters to know I'm coming.
Catelyn Stark: To whom?
Catelyn Stark: To whom do I speak?
Catelyn Stark: This man... Came into my house as a guest and there conspired to murder my son, a boy of 10. In the name of King Robert and the good Lords you serve, I call upon you to seize him and help me return him to Winterfell to await the king's justice.
Catelyn Stark: This man is my prisoner. I will not have him harmed.
Catelyn Stark: There was no time to send word.
Catelyn Stark: The red stallion was always a welcome sight at Riverrun. My father counts Jonas Bracken amongst his oldest and most loyal bannermen.
Catelyn Stark: The dagger found
Catelyn Stark: That's why there was no time. He is my prisoner.
Catelyn Stark: That's what men always say when honor calls. That's what you tell your families, tell yourselves. You do have a choice. And you've made it. I can't do it, Ned. I really can't.
Catelyn Stark: That is what I ask.
Catelyn Stark: Talk to Poole about it.
Catelyn Stark: Someone tried to kill him twice. Why? Why murder an innocent child? Unless he saw something he wasn't meant to see.
Catelyn Stark: Shadowcats and hill tribes are the least of your concerns.
Catelyn Stark: Rodrik?
Catelyn Stark: Robb's brought the North with him.
Catelyn Stark: Robb.
Catelyn Stark: Remove his hood.
Catelyn Stark: Petyr has promised to help us find the truth. He's like a little brother to me. He would never betray my trust.
Catelyn Stark: On the orders of Tywin Lannister. And the years have not made him kinder.
Catelyn Stark: Oh, would that I could.
Catelyn Stark: No. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. I will go myself.
Catelyn Stark: No!
Catelyn Stark: No one? Who were those men I saw here?
Catelyn Stark: Ned! [poking her head out of a window]
Catelyn Stark: Ned rots in a dungeon and you speak of patience? He is your brother by law!
Catelyn Stark: My temper? Gods be good, you nearly killed poor Littlefinger yesterday.
Catelyn Stark: My sister will decide what he looks like.
Catelyn Stark: Lysa, you wrote me about the Lannisters, warning me t-
Catelyn Stark: Lord Varys.
Catelyn Stark: Lord Tyrion, you are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to murder my sister’s husband; Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King.
Catelyn Stark: Just for a moment.
Catelyn Stark: It's nine years since I've set foot in the capital. And no one knew who I was the last time I came either.
Catelyn Stark: Instructed? I don't know who's providing your instructions, but...
Catelyn Stark: If you fear for the safety of your son...
Catelyn Stark: I would. We've done nothing wrong.
Catelyn Stark: I would have dressed, your Grace.
Catelyn Stark: I won't forget this. You're a true friend.
Catelyn Stark: I wish I could see the girls.
Catelyn Stark: I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I stayed here. You, Ser... Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your coat?
Catelyn Stark: I want you to leave.
Catelyn Stark: I suppose it does.
Catelyn Stark: I remember the day you came into this world red-faced and squalling.
Catelyn Stark: I never knew.
Catelyn Stark: I must.
Catelyn Stark: I know they did it, Ned. The Lannisters. In my bones, I know it.
Catelyn Stark: I have to take care of him.
Catelyn Stark: I have prayed to the Seven for more than a month. Bran's life is in their hands now.
Catelyn Stark: I had not thought to be here.
Catelyn Stark: I don't trust a raven to carry these words.
Catelyn Stark: I don't know. But I would stake my life the Lannisters are involved. We already have reason to suspect their loyalty to the crown.
Catelyn Stark: I don't care about appointments!
Catelyn Stark: I did... often and loudly.
Catelyn Stark: I am not a murderer, Lannister.
Catelyn Stark: I am grateful..
Catelyn Stark: How many men do you have?
Catelyn Stark: How did you know I was coming?
Catelyn Stark: How did you know I was coming to King's Landing?
Catelyn Stark: How dare you bring me here! Have you lost your mind?
Catelyn Stark: From the Queen, you mean.
Catelyn Stark: Five years ago.
Catelyn Stark: Does he?
Catelyn Stark: Do you know whose dagger this is?
Catelyn Stark: Do you know what happened to the Targaryen children, when the Mad King fell?
Catelyn Stark: Close the windows! I can't stand it! Please make them stop! (Wolf’s howling repeatedly)
Catelyn Stark: And why would I do that?
Catelyn Stark: And to you.
Catelyn Stark: And that is why we have to stop them.
Catelyn Stark: And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to my father... Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun?
Catelyn Stark: All of them are seasoned in battle.
Catelyn Stark: A courtesy?! My husband has been taken prisoner.
Catelyn Stark: 17 years ago you rode off with Robert Baratheon. You came back a year later with another woman's son. And now you're leaving again.
Catelyn Stark: "The late Lord Frey" my father calls him.
Catelyn Stark and Ser Rodrik both arrive at Robb Starks camp.
Catelyn Stark
CATELYN (in desperation) Is this your first time in the North, Your Grace?
Are you sure about this?
CATELYN: You've done so well. Your father would be proud.
CATELYN: You want to leave Sansa in the Queen's hands? And Arya, I haven't heard a word about Arya. What are we fighting for if not for them?
CATELYN: You don't want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
CATELYN: You dont want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
CATELYN: Why in the name of all the Gods -
CATELYN: Why are you telling me?
CATELYN: We have enough men?
CATELYN: They say a million rats live in the sewers of King's Landing. Shall we rally them to fight for us?
CATELYN: Take me for a hostage but let Robb go! Robb, get up! Get up and walk out! Please! Please!
CATELYN: Show them how it feels to lose what they love.
CATELYN: Robb!
CATELYN: Poor girl.
CATELYN: On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wifes throat!
CATELYN: Oh, Ned forbade it. He said it wouldnt be right if he broke a mans jaw on our wedding night.
CATELYN: Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son! [ROBB is still cradling TALISA on the floor] My first son! Let him go and I swear that we will forget this! I swear it by the Old Gods and New! We will take no vengeance.
CATELYN: King Renly. There's a king in every corner now.
CATELYN: It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran or Rickon in months.
CATELYN: It's dangerous.
CATELYN: If Walder Frey cooperates.
CATELYN: If reinforcements arrive from King's Landing, before we take the castle, we'll be caught between Tywin's army and the sea.
CATELYN: I will ride at first light.
CATELYN: I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten.
CATELYN: I hope she makes you very happy.
CATELYN: I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. You have a hundred other lords -
CATELYN: I don't trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion.
CATELYN: I beg your pardon?
CATELYN: He is not trustworthy!
CATELYN: Dont you drink, Lord Bolton?
CATELYN: [Looking at EDMURE and talking to BLACKFISH] He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun and now look at him.
CATELYN: [Laughs] Uncle.
