JON: You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan?
JON: You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions.
JON: Your grace…
JON: Your grace. If my father'd seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall. All of them.
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: You’ve just been beaten half to death. How did you--
JON: You’re Tyrion Lannister. The queen’s brother?
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
JON: You want to hold it?
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if they’re north of the wall. Isn’t their survival more important than your pride?
JON: You should be on one of those boats.
JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.
JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
JON: You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too.
JON: You have my word. I’ve given orders.
JON: You did well.
JON: You couldn't have known.
JON: Ygritte.
JON: Yes.
JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -
JON: Yes sir.
JON: With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive.
JON: With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw…
JON: Why’s your mother so dead-set on us getting pretty for the king?
JON: Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance they lose their leader. They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home.
JON: Where is he?
JON: What’re you doing back there?
JON: What?
JON: What?
JON: What the hell do you know about being a bastard?
JON: What is it?
JON: What are you doing up here?
JON: We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them?
JON: Well what do you want me to say?
JON: We'll go back there.
JON: We’re not here to fight. We’re here to talk.
JON: We’re leaving too many behind.
JON: We’re allies.
JON: We don’t have enough men to make any difference.
JON: We can't just let them attack the gate!
JON: We can't go after them, you know that. That's what they want.
JON: Unpleasant, I expect.
JON: Uncle Benjen!
JON: Two brothers now fight with me.
JON: Turn your army around and go home.
JON: Tormund. It's over, let it end.
JON: Those are giants riding mammoths down there. Do you think your cold, rolled steel's gonna stop them?
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
JON: They’re good men.
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
JON: They won't summit before dawn.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
JON: They held the gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. You need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out.
JON: There will.
JON: There we go, boys. That's one. There's two. Come on, let's get the next lot. That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.
JON: There are good lands south of the wall. The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands.
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
JON: The wildlings won’t ever fight for Stannis, I told you before--
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
JON: The Lord Commander's niece.
JON: The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him so you'd trust me. I was loyal, to him and to my Night's Watch vows.
JON: The Dragonglass!
JON: The Dragonglass!
JON: That's not wine.
JON: Thank you, Sam.
JON: Take Lord Janos outside.
JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. (Laughter. Jon looks at Alliser). First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. (Laughter. After a moment, he continues). Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger.
JON: Stannis?
JON: So you and Gilly never-
JON: So take me with you when you go back.
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
JON: She's dead.
JON: She...she had red hair.
JON: She told you?
JON: She put three arrows in me when I escaped.
JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.
JON: Say farewell.
JON: Sam…
JON: Sam?
JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemon’s chair). Maester Aemon?
JON: Roose Bolton.
JON: Put him in chains. We'll question him later.
JON: Olly…
JON: Olly, bring me my sword.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.
JON: Oil!
JON: Now!
JON: Now!
JON: Now there are five.
JON: Not him.
JON: Not enough. (pause) The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. How’s it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? (smiles)
JON: No. Only one of their own.
JON: No. But I trust the man.
JON: No.
JON: No.
JON: No, shh, don't talk.
JON: No, it's like you said, we don't have the men.
JON: No one's going to torture you.
JON: Night’s Watch with me! Move! Move! Move!
JON: Never even heard of these people.
JON: My name’s Jon Snow. I’m Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch. We’re not friends. We’ve never been friends. We won’t become friends today. This isn’t about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what’s out there.
JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).
JON: Most likely.
JON: Me too.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
JON: Lord Stark? There are five pups. One for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them.
JON: Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.
JON: Lord Eddard Stark is my father.
JON: Let’s go now! Now!
JON: Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst.
JON: Knock! Draw! Loose!
JON: I've been sent to negotiate with you.
JON: It's...there's this person, this whole other person. And you're wrapped up in them and they're wrapped up in you and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well I don't know, I'm not a bleedin' poet!
JON: It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again.
JON: It’s where she belonged.
JON: It’s not their fight!
JON: It’s not a trick. It’s a gift for those who join us.
JON: It was a failure.
JON: It was a difficult decision either way, Ser.
JON: In normal times we wouldn’t. But these aren’t normal times. The white walkers don’t care if a man’s Free Folk or Crow. We’re all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them.
JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.
JON: I'm going to try.
JON: I'm going to refuse him.
JON: I'm going to find Mance.
JON: If you swear you join us when the real war begins.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
JON: If they hit Mole's Town, then we're next. Mance's army must be close.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I’m ready to swear your oath.
JON: I’m not asking you to forget your dead. I’ll never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But I’m asking you to think about your children now. They’ll never have children of their own if we don’t band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk can’t stop them. The Night’s Watch can’t stop them. And all the southern kings can’t stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then we’ll give the fuckers a fight.
JON: I’m not a Stark. Get on.
JON: I’m gonna hope they don’t learn how to climb the wall.
JON: I’m glad the end of the world’s working out for someone.
JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
JON: I was this man's prisoner once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me, but he spared my life. I think my father would've taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say.
JON: I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall.
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: I told Tormund and Orell. We have more than a thousand men.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
JON: I swore a vow. (Melisandre looks at him incredulously). I loved another.
JON: I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be?
JON: I suppose Stannis does.
JON: I respect him.
JON: I promised Jeor I'd never lose it again. *he hands the sword to Sam* In case I don't come back.
JON: I need you here, Sam. If you leave, who’s left to give me advice I trust?
JON: I need him more than I need you.
JON: I know. But I still love her.
JON: I know he's the king. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, your grace. I'm Ned Stark's son.
JON: I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Night’s Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. We’re prepared to give you that new life.
JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.
JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: I don't think Stannis would like that very much.
JON: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.
JON: I don't know what happens to the prisoners.
JON: I don't have a king.
JON: I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you.
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
JON: I don’t care about that.
JON: I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow.
JON: I can't.
JON: I can imagine no higher praise.
JON: I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own.
JON: How much time do I have?
JON: How many are with us? 5000?
JON: How can I help you?
JON: Hold the line! Hold the line!
JON: He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe.
JON: He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn.
JON: Here’s to us then. Long may they sneer.
JON: Here we are.
JON: He'll kill me. If I don't go he'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us too.
JON: He’s not my prisoner.
JON: He was, your grace.
JON: He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world.
JON: He murdered my brother.
JON: He died.
JON: He could be lying.
JON: Grenn came from a farm.
JON: Grenn and Mag.
JON: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And he has more giants, he has more mammoths. He has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
JON: Go! Go! Go!
JON: Go on. Father’s watching.
JON: Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch.
JON: Get your shield up.
JON: Get them to the ship and come back for me!
JON: Get in line! Get in line!
JON: Funeral words. I don't know how the Free Folk do it.
JON: For one night.
JON: Father will let me if you ask him, I know he will.
JON: Father will know if you do.
JON: Ed. You have The Wall. If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them. If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them.
JON: Dragonglass. A man of the Night’s Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.
JON: Don’t think too much, Bran.
JON: Does that make me a fool?
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
JON: Come with me and I'll share these weapons.
JON: Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: But if she had, you would've? You'd have broken your vows?
JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.
JON: Because I've made that claim.
JON: Aye, you should've.
JON: As long as he's ruling them.
JON: As always, thank you for your honesty.
JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?
JON: Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose!
JON: And your mother.
JON: And what needs to be done?
JON: And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and they’ll sing songs about you. “You’d rather burn than kneel. The great hero.” Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and there’s no one left to sing.
JON: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.
JON: And the wildlings?
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
JON: And how many men does this Lord Maison have to send us?
JON: And he knew them better than I ever will.
JON: *to Sam* I don't want you out there.
JON: *to Grenn* The outer gate won't hold. Take five men, hold the inner gate.
JON: *grabs Grenn's arm* Hold the gate. If they make it through...
JON: (To some of the men sparring). Good.
JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.
JON: "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark." (Jon smiles)
JON/ROBB: Quick, Bran, faster!
Jon Snow: You're not. You're freezing.
Jon Snow: You're leaving?
JON SNOW: Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.
Jon Snow: Young and gorgeous. A whore named Ros.
Jon Snow: You'll have to work at it every day. How does it feel? Do you like the balance?
JON SNOW: You’d think after thousands of years, the Night’s Watch would have learned how to make a good ale.
JON SNOW: You were occasionally awful. I’m sure I can’t have been great fun. Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.
Jon Snow: You Starks are hard to kill.
JON SNOW: You should.
Jon Snow: You don't want to know.
Jon Snow: You can't fight. You can't see. You're afraid of heights and almost everything else probably. What are you doing here, Sam?
Jon Snow: Yes, my lord.
Jon Snow: Yes, he is.
JON SNOW: Year, it’s -- I like the wolf bit.
JON SNOW: With the peas and onions?
Jon Snow: Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South?
Jon Snow: Will I serve the Lord Commander's meals and fetch hot water for his bath.
Jon Snow: Why is he alone?
Jon Snow: Why do you read so much?
JON SNOW: Where will we go? If I don’t watch over you, Father’s ghost will come back and murder me.
Jon Snow: What's my name?
Jon Snow: What kind of reports?
Jon Snow: What else did the book say?
Jon Snow: We've guarded the Kingdoms for 8 000 years.
Jon Snow: Well… You can't get any worse.
JON SNOW: Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black.
JON SNOW: We’re not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day..
JON SNOW: We were children.
Jon Snow: We should burn them.
JON SNOW: We sent raven to Houses Manderly- -
JON SNOW: We never should have left Winterfell.
JON SNOW: We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can.
JON SNOW: We fight with the army we have.
JON SNOW: We don’t know that.
JON SNOW: We can’t defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons. If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men.
Jon Snow: Watch duty. With Sam.
Jon Snow: Until your brother killed that King.
JON SNOW: They stabbed me. Olly...he put a knife in my heart. I shouldn’t be here.
JON SNOW: They killed me, Edd! My own brothers. You want me to stay here after that?
Jon Snow: They hate me because I'm better than they are.
JON SNOW: They didn’t come here to serve me.
Jon Snow: There's no rider.
JON SNOW: There’s nothing to forgive.
JON SNOW: There’s no time.
JON SNOW: There are more than three other houses in the North -- Glover, Mormont, Cerwyn, Mazin, Hornwood. Two dozen more. Together they equal all the others. We can start small and build.
Jon Snow: The Wall's no place for cowards.
Jon Snow: The Night's Watch protects the realm from...
JON SNOW: The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings.
JON SNOW: The Boltons are traitors. Roose Bolton- -
Jon Snow: That's my Uncle Benjen's horse.
Jon Snow: That's enough. Sam's no different from the rest of us. There was no place for him in the world, so he's come here. We're not going to hurt him in the training yard anymore. Never again, no matter what Thorne says. He's our brother now and we're going to protect him.
JON SNOW: That’s what’ll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know you’re here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, they’ll come for you. You’re right. This isn’t your fight. You shouldn’t have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldn’t be asking you. It’s not the deal we made. I need you with me if we’re gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if you’re going to survive.
JON SNOW: Thank you, Sansa.
JON SNOW: Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect?
Jon Snow: Stay.
JON SNOW: Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said- -
JON SNOW: South.
Jon Snow: Soon enough.
Jon Snow: So are you. I had the blacksmith make it for you special. It won't hack a man's head off, but it can poke him full of holes if you're quick enough.
JON SNOW: Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?
Jon Snow: She was very kind.
JON SNOW: Ser Davos is the reason I’m standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years.
JON SNOW: Sansa.
Jon Snow: Sally on the side?
JON SNOW: Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. I’ve come with my sister to ask for House Mormont’s allegiance.
Jon Snow: Red.
JON SNOW: Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that- -
Jon Snow: Of course I have.
JON SNOW: Nothing. There was nothing at all.
Jon Snow: No one touches Sam.
JON SNOW: New dress?
JON SNOW: Neither was killing me.
JON SNOW: My watch is ended.DOLOROUS EDD: Where you gonna go?
Jon Snow: My sisters were in King's Landing too.
Jon Snow: Move move!
Jon Snow: May I go?
Jon Snow: 'm ready. I won't let you down.
JON SNOW: Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.
JON SNOW: Lord Glover.
JON SNOW: Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out.
Jon Snow: Leg, shoulder, leg. Left foot forward. Good. Now pivot as you deliver the stroke. Put all your weight behind it.
JON SNOW: Lady Mormont.
Jon Snow: Just these two, My Lord. Been dead awhile, I'd say.
Jon Snow: I've had worse.
Jon Snow: It's not going to get any easier, you know? You'll have to defend yourself.
JON SNOW: It's just more of the same.
Jon Snow: It's good you've got help.
Jon Snow: It's an improvement.
JON SNOW: It’s all I’ve done since I left home. I’ve killed brothers of the Night’s Watch. I’ve killed wildlings. I’ve killed men that I admire. I hanged a boy younger than Bran. I fought and I lost.
Jon Snow: It was always my color.
Jon Snow: Is this a trick?
Jon Snow: Is there any word of my father?
Jon Snow: Is my mother alive? Does she know about me? Where I am, where I'm going? Does she care?
Jon Snow: Impressive.
Jon Snow: I'm sorry to see you leave, Lannister.
Jon Snow: I'm going to miss you... Careful... All the best swords have names, you know.
Jon Snow: If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him. Tell him I'd visit if I could.
JON SNOW: If you have any last words, now is the time.
JON SNOW: I’m tired of fighting.
JON SNOW: I’m sure you would, Ser Alliser.
JON SNOW: I’m not Lord Commander anymore.
JON SNOW: I’m not a god.
Jon Snow: I wouldn't doubt it.
Jon Snow: I wish I could be here when you wake up. I'm going north with Uncle Benjen. I'm taking the black. I know we always talked about seeing the Wall together, but you'll be able to come visit me at Castle Black when you're better. I'll know my way around by then. I'll be a sworn brother of the Night's Watch. We can go out walking beyond the Wall, if you're not afraid.
Jon Snow: I want to find my Uncle.
JON SNOW: I think so. Hold off on burning my body for now.
JON SNOW: I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward. In fact- -
Jon Snow: I see Ser Alliser's revenge, that's all.
Jon Snow: I never met my mother. My father wouldn't even tell me her name. I don't know if she's living or dead. I don't know if she's a noblewoman or a fisherman's wife... Or a whore. So I sat there in the brothel as Ros took off her clothes. But I couldn't do it. Because all I could think was what if I got her pregnant and she had a child, another bastard named Snow? It's not a good life for a child.
Jon Snow: I know where to put it.
Jon Snow: I just, I always wanted to be a Ranger.
Jon Snow: I have something for you. And it has to be packed very carefully.
JON SNOW: I don’t know how to do that. I thought I did, but...I failed.
JON SNOW: I don’t have an army.
Jon Snow: I do, my lord.
Jon Snow: I didn't think you'd be so upset about it.
JON SNOW: I did what I thought was right. And I got murdered for it. And now I’m back. Why?
JON SNOW: I did everything I could. You know that.
JON SNOW: I can’t stay here, not after what happened.
Jon Snow: I came very close once. I was alone in a room with a naked girl, but...
Jon Snow: I came to say goodbye to Bran.
Jon Snow: I build my own fires.
Jon Snow: I already have one.
Jon Snow: How do you know that?
JON SNOW: How do you know that?
JON SNOW: How could we know?
JON SNOW: House Mormont.
JON SNOW: His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living. You --
Jon Snow: Hello?
Jon Snow: He'll never walk again.
Jon Snow: He wasn't hungry.
Jon Snow: Ghost, what's wrong? Is something out there?
JON SNOW: Get warm.
Jon Snow: First lesson: Stick them with the pointy end.
Jon Snow: Farewell, My Lord.
Jon Snow: Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me. No one but you. My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same.
Jon Snow: Enough! He yielded.
Jon Snow: Don't stand so still. It's harder to hit a moving target. Except for you. You move too much. I could just hold my sword out and let you do the work for me.
JON SNOW: Don’t knock it down while I’m gone.
Jon Snow: Do you take me for a servant?
Jon Snow: Commander?
Jon Snow: Commander!
Jon Snow: Come stand by the fire. It's warmer.
Jon Snow: Close the door. This is no toy. Be careful you don't cut yourself.
Jon Snow: But I'm better than every...
Jon Snow: Better.
JON SNOW: Aye, I pledged my life to the Night’s Watch. I gave my life.
Jon Snow: Ask me nicely and maybe I'll tell you, dwarf.
Jon Snow: As a matter of fact, I'm the same as you.
Jon Snow: Are you sure you want to do this?
Jon Snow: And you, Stark.
Jon Snow: And why is my surname Snow?
JON SNOW: All right. All right, I forgive you.
JON SNOW: 62?
JON SNOW: "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow. You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind. You have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon.
JON SNOW, SANSA, DAVOS, TORMUND, and WUN WUN are meeting with DIM DALBA and the other Wildling leaders. They are all gathered around a fire pit.
JON SNOW, SANSA, BRIENNE, DOLOROUS EDD, DAVOS, TORMUND, and MELISANDRE are gathered around a table. A map is spread out on the table with tokens indicating houses laid on its surface.
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are riding horses through the encampment.
JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS are meeting with ROBETT GLOVER. Several men serving under ROBETT stand in attendance.
JON SNOW walks to his horse and climbs atop it. He leads SANSA, MELISANDRE, PODRICK, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and the rest of the party out through the southern gates. A man of the Night’s Watch approaches DOLOROUS EDD, who is watching them leave.
JON SNOW walks past SANSA and away.
JON SNOW walks down the stairs.
JON SNOW takes the letter. The man leaves. JON SNOW sees the seal of House Bolton. He opens the scroll and starts reading.
JON SNOW takes off his cape and hands it to DOLOROUS EDD.
JON SNOW stares at SANSA.
JON SNOW stands and turns to face SANSA.
JON SNOW smiles. DOLOROUS EDD places Longclaw on the table.
JON SNOW puts the letter away, but SANSA takes it and continues reading.
JON SNOW nods.
JON SNOW nods.
JON SNOW moves close to SANSA.
JON SNOW looks over SANSA’s shoulder at DAVOS. He is standing in front of the fighting men, who are wrestling on the ground.
JON SNOW looks at SANSA.
JON SNOW looks at SANSA.
JON SNOW looks at OLLY. OLLY stares back at him, unwavering. JON SNOW turns his back and unsheathes Longclaw. He breathes heavily. JON SNOW cuts the rope. The platform is pulled out from under the traitors’ feet. They are hung. They choke and die. JON SNOW looks at OLLY again. OLLY's face is blue and swollen. JON SNOW sheathes his sword, then walks up to DOLOROUS EDD.
JON SNOW is sitting by the fireplace. He is looking to the ground. Someone knocks on the door. DOLOROUS EDD walks in.
JON SNOW glares at SANSA. ROBETT turns on his heel and walks up close to SANSA.
JON SNOW gets up, drops his vest with the stab holes in it on the table, and grabs his sword Longclaw.
JON SNOW exhales.
JON SNOW chuckles.
JON SNOW and TORMUND both chuckle and embrace. JON SNOW winces, then spies DOLOROUS EDD and begins walking towards him. They embrace, and JON SNOW winces again.
JON SNOW and SANSA fall silent. DAVOS steps forward.
JON SNOW and SANSA are sitting by the fire. SANSA lifts a bowl to her lips and drinks from it.
JON SNOW (to TORMUND): How many do you have?
JON SNOW (to TORMUND): Are you sure they’ll come?
Jon Snow
JON (to BRAN): Don’t look away.
JON (stands up): Are you sure he’s talking about Benjen?
JON (shakes his head): No one’s ever getting that back, now. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it.
JON (raises a glass): To your return.
JON (after a long pause): I put an arrow through his heart.
