DANERYS: Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?  You’re not going to serve. You’re going to die.SANSA: Yes?  You’re going to advise me. (takes his wine cup) While you can still speak in complete sentences.  You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are?  You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and you’re defending the fighting pits?  You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair?  You told me yourself, I can’t fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice.  You speak it very well.  You must have been very young when your Khal died.  You have not been dismissed. You pledged yourself to me. You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life.  You have made a mistake. One you will regret. I am the wife of the Great Khal.  Yes, many opportunities.  Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses?  Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains?  Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?  Why?  Why?  Why?  Why?  Why should the people trust a queen who can’t keep her promises?  Who are you?  Which kind is that?  Where have you been?  Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen.  Whatever he wants from me he’s not going to get it. If he really believes I’m going to reopen the fighting pits…  What?  What was I made for?  What was her name?  What is it that you want from me?  What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads!  Well, there’s no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper.  Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world. I command you to heal yourself and then return to me. When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side.  We’ve been his guests for over a year and he’s never asked us for anything.  We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive.  We have to go home.  Wait here.  Viserion? Rhaegal?  Varys? King Robert’s spy master?  Valahd..DAVOS: Help me get him inside.  Too bad he didn’t die sooner.  Three. *in Valyrian* And still no word on Drogon?  This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains.  They’ve never killed before.  They do. Would you like to see them one day?  There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters.  Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost?  The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.  The law is the law. Take him.  The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law--  The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?  The common people.  The brother who killed my father.  That’s why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets.  That is more than most have.  That is greatness?  Thank you, ser. Are you from my country?  Thank you, Magister.  Thank you all for your counsel.  Sons of the Harpy?  Someone else’s reason.  So you want to advise me. Very well. (looks to Jorah) What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned.  So what else can I do?  So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?  So I should kill him?  So have you decided yet? Whether I’m worthy of your service?  Sitting through the great games will be bad enough.  She’s beautiful. … Ser Jorah, I don’t know how to say ‘thank you’ in Dothraki.  Remove Ser Jorah from the city.  Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was.  Perhaps it won’t come to that.  Perhaps I will have you killed after all.  One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.  Of course  Now and always?MAN: That’s it. Get it to the top.  Nobody yet.  No. We can do more than that. And you’re going to help me.  No. Not until forced to do so.  No. I don’t want either of those things.  No. I can’t  No.  No.  No, don’t hurt her.  No fighting pits.  My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you.  My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? (pause) We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen?  Mm-hmm.  Leave me.  Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. They’re all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground.  Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.  It’s probably my safest option.  It would send a message.  Is there a cure?  Is that why you killed him?  Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?  Is ‘no’ the only word that you know?  I'm not my father.  If you’d rather return to the fighting pits just say the word.  If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn’t I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine  If need be.  If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason.  If I want jokes I’ll get myself a proper fool.  I’ve sacrificed more than enough for your traditions.  I’m terrible?  I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.  I’m not putting my money anywhere.  I’m not going to stop the wheel. I’m going to break the wheel.  I’m not going to kill you.  I’m not a politician. I’m a queen.  I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.  I will never run from Dothraki.  I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces.  I think I’ve seen enough.  I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me.  I take what is mine.  I needed fresh air. The old women stink.  I need to make water.  I know where I am. I have been here before. This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World.  I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name.  I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration. What can I do for you?  I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them.  I have a very large army and very large dragons.  I fought so that no child born into Slaver’s Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home.  I don’t want another child’s bones dropped at my feet. No one’s seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know he’s flown halfway across the world. I can’t control them anymore.  I don’t know.  I don’t expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery.  I do.  I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting.  I do not recognize this tradition.  I didn’t conquer them. Their own people did.  I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment.  I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy. I took it to bring people freedom. But freedom means making your own choices. I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master. It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year.  I am a queen. Not a butcher.  How to get what I want.  How old was she?  How many times must I say no before you understand?  How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros?  How many others are there?  How many days’ ride to Meereen?  How long does it take?  How far did you carry me? (surveys the area)  He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right.  He was good?  He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. (Sits down).  He sang to them?  Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you?  Good.  Go on.  Get him out of my sight.  Everyone looks happy enough from up here. (Barristan chuckles). What?  Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldn’t.  Easy. Easy. Easy.  Drogon, we need to return. My people need me.  Drogon!  Don’t you want to know what I think?  Don’t be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think he’s smart enough to understand that.  Do you know the Common Tongue?  Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal.  Concessions?  But you trust him?  Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons. My place is not here with you.  Are you with me?  Are you jealous?  Approach my friend.  Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me.  And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?  And who has that many?  And what would your father do?  And what did you do?  And what did you do with the money?  And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you’ll raid, how many girls you’ll get to fuck, how many horses you’ll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will.  About what?  *in Valyrian* Meet me in the catacombs. Daenerys walks into the room the dragons are being held. She hears chains rattling. What do you pray for, Ser Jorah?  You've no right to a braid. You've won no victories yet.  You’re hurt.  You sold slaves.  Will it take three years?  Why?  Why did you hit her?!  What are you doing?  Well, she sounds like an interesting woman. I don't think that Drogo will like it with me on top.  Viserys, please.  Until I command them otherwise.  These are my people now. You shouldn't call them savages.  The moon?  Tell them all to stop.  Stop him.  Stop - stop it.  Please.  Please please, don't hurt him. Tell him I don't want my brother harmed.  Not a Queen. A Khaleesi.  No. No. Tonight I would look upon your face.  No. But the common people are waiting for him. Illyrio said they're sewing dragon banners and praying for his return.  No.  No!  Nine?!  Leave me with her. Why did the trader from Garth tell you these stories?  It's a gift. I had it made for you.  It’s a boy.  Isn't there anything else?  If my brother was given an army of Dothraki, could you conquer the Seven Kingdoms?  I wasn't commanding you. I just wanted to invite you to supper.  I pray for home too. My brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms. He couldn't lead an army even if my husband gave him one. He'll never take us home.  I know.  I hit him. I hit the dragon.  I don't think that this is the Dothraki way.  I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki! I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me. The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands.  Hush now. It's all right. Irri, take her and leave us.  How old were you?  He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon.  He says yes. You shall have a golden crown, that men shall tremble to behold.  He is still the true King.  Have you ever seen a dragon?  From whom?  Finish a man?  Everywhere? Even in the east?  Can you teach me how to make the Khal happy?  But if they did?  And you know these men?  And where is she now?  A prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaego!  : Do the Dothrakis buy their slaves? Daenerys Stormborn: You will drink. Daenerys Stormborn: You honor me, Ser. Daenerys Stormborn: You don't believe it. Daenerys Stormborn: What will they do to him? Daenerys Stormborn: The earth does not end at the sea, there are many dirts beyond the sea. Daenerys Stormborn: Rise. I'd still like to taste that wine. Daenerys Stormborn: My son already has his name, but I'll try your summerwine. Daenerys Stormborn: My brother was a fool, I know, but he was the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms. Daenerys Stormborn: Lands, yes... Daenerys Stormborn: King Robert still wants me dead. Daenerys Stormborn: It's not a chair. It's a... Throne Daenerys Stormborn: Is something wrong? Daenerys Stormborn: I thought he'd leave me alone, now that my brother is gone. Daenerys Stormborn: I hope to repay your kindness someday. Daenerys Stormborn: He will not have my son. Daenerys Stormborn: Do as he says. Daenerys Stormborn: Can't you help me make him understand? Daenerys Stormborn: And when he falls? Daenerys Stormborn: And because he had dragons. Daenerys Stormborn: According to the prophecy, the stallions will ride to the ends of the world. Daenerys Stormborn: A chair for a King to sit upon, or a Queen. Daenerys stares at Jorah. They both hold back emotion. DAENERYS stands at the edge of the cliff, looking out at Vaes Dothrak. She turns to face JORAH and DAARIO, who are standing behind her. Daenerys sits up in bed. Daenerys sits next to Missandei at the top of the pit, with an open seat between her and Tyrion at the end, and Daario standing behind them. Hizdahr takes the open seat. Daenerys sees one of the Dothraki men strike a slave with a whip for not moving fast enough. Daenerys rises to her feet, speaking in Dothraki to the room. DAENERYS rides away from the horde and around the bend. Time passes. The Dothraki are growing antsy. Daenerys picks up the egg from the coals. Daenerys pets his nose but gets no response. Daenerys looks down at the two men. After a moment, and with a look of disgust on her face, she claps her hands. The crowd roars and they start fighting. After some parries, the Quick man slices at the Strong man’s neck. DAENERYS looks at the Lhazareen woman. DAENERYS lays her hand on a fire pit. Daenerys is watching intently now. Jorah is the last man standing. He walks up to Daenerys and Hizdahr and removes his helmet. She stares at him for a moment. DAENERYS is sitting among the Dosh Khaleen. The women whisper among themselves, but the leader sits beside DAENERYS. They begin to speak in Dothraki. DAENERYS is entering Vaes Dothrak with the horde. A mounted Bloodrider ushers her onward with a nudge of his foot. DAENERYS grabs DAARIO’s dagger-carrying hand, and he drops it away from the Lhazareen woman’s neck. Daenerys dismounts her horse and walks through the field off of the path. She hears noises coming towards her and grass snapping. Her brother Viserys storms into the clearing on horseback wielding a sword. Daenerys climbs onto Drogon’s back slowly. Daenerys claps. Jorah nods. They begin fighting, with Daenerys’ eyes following Jorah. He takes a blow to the mouth, is knocked down and starts bleeding. He gets up, has his sword knocked away, and pulls out a dagger. He wrestles with the man trying to choke him, throws him off, then stabs him in the chest. He pulls the dagger out, looking at Daenerys, throws it away, and picks up his longsword. DAENERYS begins to cry. DAENERYS approaches JORAH, but he recoils. DAENERYS approaches a domed structure. KHAL MORO and two of his Bloodriders are waiting for atop their horses. DAENERYS and the Lhazareen woman smile at each other. Daenerys and the horde have arrived to the Dothraki homeland. Daenerys and Ser Barristan stand on the balcony. Daenerys and Jorah hold back tears. Jorah is escorted out of the Pyramid. Jorah checks his Greyscale and walks away. Daenerys and Jorah both look up, noticing her brother on the opposite side of the hut. Drogo, on another side of the hut also sees Viserys. Jorah stands up and begins walking towards Viserys. DAENERYS and DAARIO are leading the Dothraki horde on horseback. DAARIO shouts in Dothraki and raises his hand, halting the horde. DAENERYS stares at the face of a mountain crag in the distance. DAENERYS (Valyrian, to crowd): You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other. DAENERYS (Valyrian): A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death. DAENERYS (to JORAH): I banished you twice. You came back twice. And you saved my life. So I can’t take you back and I can’t send you away. DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea? DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): Every khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a khal. I will not choose three blood riders. I choose you all. DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): And you...Have faith in me, Khaleesi. Do not betray me. DAENERYS (shocked): Drogon...MAN: Valar morghulis. DAENERYS (pleadingly) I don’t want to be his queen. I want to go home. Daenerys  You never have.  Who did this?  Where?  They will like it far less when I'm done with them.  She was Drogo's first gift to me.  No one will take my dragons.  My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything.  I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream?  He said they ate meat.  He is blood of my blood.  Does it ever end?  Does it ever end?  And you're sure there's no other way?  And Daario Naharis?  [Speaking to Grey Worm in Valyrian] Lo jention mirre nkmzme za, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa.  [Speaking in the Common Tongue (in this case, English) again] You leave tonight.  (Turns to Jorah) As you are mine.  (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre.  (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. They cannot kill his soul.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.  (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast.  (Speaking Dothraki) Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.  (Speaking Dothraki) And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight. 